

Romance in Italy

By Jack Brassil

To all of my friends, for being there when I needed you the most. Thank you.

[POV: TOBY]

     I panic as my anxiety begins to swirl.
     We’re in my mom’s car. She’s driving us to our school.
     “Oh boy, Toby,” whispers Luke, who’s strapped in next to me in the backseat. “Are you ready?”
     “I don’t know.” My hands begin to shake violently.
     Peter, who’s sitting on my other side, reassures me.
     “It’s okay, dude. Whatever happens, happens.”
     “Toby,” Luke leans over again. “It’s a seventh-grade dance. You’ll be fine.”
     “L… Luke. I don’t know if I can do it.”
     “Everything okay back there?” My mother calls from the front.
     “Yep, we’re all good, Mrs. Plaus,” Peter responds.
     “You boys going to ask anyone to dance?”
     “No,” I shoot back quickly, without thinking.
     “Toby,” Luke looks into my eyes. “You’ll be fine. You know Bella. She knows you.”
     “I… I’ll see if I can do this.”
     “That’s the spirit!” Luke falls back onto the seat.
     If there’s one thing I’ve got going for me, it’s my look. I’m wearing a recently-ironed blue polo shirt and a pair of khaki shorts. And for once, my hair is actually fine.
     Peter, on the other hand, forgets the dress code, as always. He’s wearing some black pants.
     I feel the car slow to a stop.
     “We’re here, boys. Have a great time tonight.”
     “Alright, thank you, Mrs. Plaus!” Luke and Peter climb forward and exit on either side. I slowly follow Peter out.
     As I stroll on the sidewalk next to my friends, my stomach begins to feel miniature firecrackers bursting inside. I’m so nervous, I can hardly walk.
     We’re standing in line as voices chatter around us. Everything’s normal; that is until I hear someone talk directly into my right ear.
     “Ayyyyyy, Toby!”
     “Oh, hey there, Dean.” Dean is much shorter than me, so I have no idea how he was able to project into my ear like that. “You… ready for tonight?”
     “Yeah.”
     “Got any-”
     “Toby, you’re going to ask Bella to dance, right?” Dean looks up into my eyes.
     “Dean…” I can feel my smile fade a bit. “I don’t know if I can do this. I really like her. And I’m so happy we’re friends. I tell myself that I have nothing to worry about, but I don’t take it to heart.”
     “Toby…” Dean’s eyes squint a bit. “You’re going to dance with her. You’ve liked her since third grade, and now is your chance!”
     “I know! I’ll see what I can do!” My heart begins to beat faster.
     At this point, we’ve passed through the line. The gym is right next to the entrance of the school, so we’re able to get in with relative ease.
     It appears so dark, yet so radiant. I’m taken aback by how much this gym has been transformed; it had only been earlier today when I was enforced to do pushups in here. But, now… I feel free.
     My friends and I run around the gym, for we are an energetic crowd. Peter zips ahead, turning a 180° when he crashes into the wall. We follow in his footsteps.
     Luke slides across the floor so smoothly that his shoes don’t squeak. He then proceeds to kneel down, lay on the hard, cold, wood, and do the worm flawlessly.
     It’s only been about 5 minutes so far. The music hasn’t even started yet.
     Dean comes up close to me.
     “Toby…” he says, quiet enough so nobody else can hear. “I know that you might be nervous, but there’s no need.”
     “Look, Dean,” I respond. “I’ll try my hardest to muster up some courage. We. Will. See.”
     “Suit yourself, then,” he says, bolting towards Luke and Peter.
     The music starts to play. It’s upbeat; as if this is the last chance I have to pump some energy before the big finale in a couple of hours.
     After a moment, I join my friends.
     “This seems… unreal,” I think to myself. “This is actually the night. Stuff will actually happen. That is, if I allow it to.”
     Then I see her.
     My seventh-grade self almost faints at the sight of Bella Crowsol entering the gym, surrounded by her friends. She looks so… perfect.
     Luke, who sees me staring, walks over and nudges me with his elbow.
     “Ay, Romeo, look who just arrived!”
     My face flusters.
     “Shut up, Luke! This isn’t helping!”
     “Well, anyway, the squad and I are going to get some water. You in?”
     “Sure,” I sigh and follow him and the others into the hallway.
     “She just got here,” says Peter, as he lets out a slight grin.
     “Thanks, Captain Obvious. Yes, I know she’s here, and I’m panicking.”
     “Toby,” Luke interjects, clearly noticing my heavy breathing. “It’s not that hard. Just go up to her later and ask her if she’d like to dance. You two are already friends and you’re literally almost dating,” he says. “Well, as close to dating as middle schoolers can get. Anyway, don’t worry! You’ve got it, man! Have some confidence!”
     Confidence. Confidence. I can do this.
     The majority of this dance involves me constantly glancing at my watch and Dean reassuring me that everything is going to work out in the end. But I keep looking over at her. She’s so beautiful; her blonde hair twinkles.
     “Okay, but for real,” says Luke, eventually. “They’re playing the last slow song in a bit. My man, you can do this. Just believe in yourself.”
     Confidence.
     I look over at her again.
     “Luke, this is so nerve-wracking!”
     Luke walks over and places his hands on my back.
     “What are you doing?” I ask, confused.
     I feel a light push from behind. This push continues until it’s a full-on shove, guiding me in the direction of Bella Crowsol. I turn around to look at my friend.
     “Luke, no, not like this!”
     “Hey, turn back around for me, buddy.”
     She’s right there.
     “Hey, Bella,” says Luke. “I was just going to get some water. But, I think my friend here has something to say to you.” In an instant, he’s gone.
     She smiles at me.
     “H…hi, Bella!” I try my best to act calm. “H...how are you doing?”
     “Hi, T!” Her voice is soothing. “Yeah, I’m doing good. Gotta admit, though, that they could’ve at least brought a smoke machine or something. Or better yet, a bubble machine!” I feel the tension release.
     “Yeah!” I chuckle. “Anyway, I was, uh, wondering…”
     “Yes, Toby. I’ll dance with you.”
     I feel a tear come to my eye. It had been this easy the whole time.
     “W...wait! Really?”
     “Yes! Now, c’mon! The song will start at any moment!”
     I wrap my arms around her, and she puts her hands on my shoulders. At that moment, a peaceful melody comes on. I begin to cry a bit.
     “You’re like a sunset, baby…” The lyrics become audible.
     “It’ll be okay, Toby,” she says as she smiles at me again. We begin to stroll around the gym, spinning in gradual circles. At a few points, I can see Luke, Dean, and Peter out of the corner of my eye. Dean and Peter are cheering, while Luke is just smiling as well. This is it. This is what I had been so afraid of.
     The song ends, and we part ways.
     “That was fun, Toby! I’ll see you around!”
     “Bye, Bella! Thanks for everything!”
     She goes back to her group, and I go back to mine. On occasion, I see her friends glance over and giggle.
     “My guy, you did it!” Peter slaps me on the back. “We have to celebrate this somehow!”
     “Wanna see if we can have a sleepover?” asks Luke, intrigued.
     “That’ll be awesome!” Dean leaps with joy.
     “Of course, guys! Tonight has been good, and will only continue to give us great vibes! I’ll ask my mom.”
     And, indeed, we have a sleepover that night.
     Looking back on that dance with Bella during that cold January still blows my mind. How I had kept my cool, I have no idea. But what I do know is that it’s still one of my fondest memories.

A year and a half later...

[POV: TOBY]

     “Toby, get over it. You can do better than her.” It’s now the summer before our freshman year of high school, and Luke’s trying to bring me some kind words.
     “Luke, I miss her. I’ve missed her ever since the breakup in June!” I hear a wave crash in the distance.
     “Dude, you guys were in seventh-grade. Get. Over. It.”
     I feel a tear roll down my face.
     “Holy shit, dude, snap out of it! I’m going back into the water. If you wanna come with me, then you’re by all means welcome. But I’m not dealing with this Bella shit anymore.” With that, Luke turns and runs in the direction of the water, kicking sand along the way.
     I slap myself in the face. Why do I even like her at this point?
     “She’s missing out,” I tell myself. And with that, I bolt after Luke.
     “You guys are finally back!” yells Peter, with a mildly pissed tone. “What took you so long at the bathroom?”
     I see Luke whisper something into his ear.
     Peter’s frown grows.
     “Oh my GOD, Toby!  Look, I know, she kind of dumped you. But she’s a bitch! You should feel happy that you’re not with her anymore! Now c’mon!” Peter tosses the small, waterproof football into the air. “Let’s play.”
     Later on, we’re sitting in the hot tub back at my beach house. The sky’s a dark shade, that of a panther.
     “Hey, guys,” Luke says in a low voice. “You wanna play truth or dare tonight?”
     “Yeah, sure,” Peter responds. “Toby, you in?”
     “Uh…” Last time we played truth or dare was at that sleepover. “Okay.”
     “Great!” Luke smiles. “It’ll be fun, I promise.”
     We exit onto the cold patio as the sound of rustling leaves fills my ears. I grab my towel and dry off.
     As we enter the gray house through the sliding door, my older brother, Carter, and Peter’s brother, Xavier, are sitting on the couch.
     “How’s the hot tub?” Xavier asks.
     “It’s pretty warm,” I respond.
     “Nice. Carter, you wanna go for a swim in the pool?”
     “Yeah, sure!”
     Later on, Luke, Peter, and I are in my room. I, being one of the house owners, get my own bed while the 2 peasants sleep on the floor.
     “Guess what I brought!” Luke whispers excitedly.
     “Let me guess,” wonders Peter. “Your inability to get a good social life?”
     Luke punches him. Hard. Peter rubs his arm in pain.
     “No, look.” He goes over his backpack which is propped up against the wall. Out of it, he pulls something rectangular.
     “What is that?” I ask, trying my best to sit up.
     “It’s my eighth-grade yearbook!”
     “Luke, no,” Peter says. “We are not children of sin.”
     “Pete, you little rascal! This is a time of wholesomeness! A time of purity! We’re going to look back at our old memories! Actually, I’ll do you one better!” He scurries back over to his backpack and pulls out a similar object. “It’s my fifth-grade yearbook! Remember fifth-grade, Pete?”
     “Yeah, when you and Hannah Powell kissed under a picnic table. You wouldn’t shut up about her!”
     Luke proceeds to punch Peter again. Harder.
     “C’mon down over here, Toby.”
     “Fine,” I sigh and leave my bed, then crouch down to their level. “Let’s go through it.”
     I hear the flipping of pages as Luke searches through our past. “Hey, Pete, it’s you!”
     I turn so I can see the page. Indeed, above the words “Peter Brolde”, there’s a younger version of my friend.
     “You didn’t even have your glasses yet! Look at you!”
     “Okay, Luke. Move on.”
     He flips a bit more.
     “HEY, I FOUND TOBY!”
     “Luke, shut the hell-“
     I hear the sound of a door opening.
     “Quick, get into a sleeping position!”
     My friends and I all lay still on the floor, and I close my eyes. A moment later, I hear a knock on the door. I don’t respond, and, sure enough, I hear the footsteps go back to their original room.
     “Luke,” I whisper. “Your I.Q. is lower than that of my front porch.”
     “But look at you, Toby! Your hair was so much curlier!” Indeed, my brown hair used to be a bit wilder. As I observe the picture from many years ago, I note the innocent smile.
     “Wait, Luke. We were in the same class.” Sure enough, going up the page a bit, I find his name. “Lukas Donahue.”
     Luke is the one who looks the most different from the past. His blonde hair used to be much brighter.
     “You look so young in this photo!”
     “Moving. On.” Luke quickly flips through the book a bit more.
     “Hey, Toby. Guess who I found?”
     There she was. Bella Crowsol. Her blonde hair was a bit dirtier than Luke’s, yet still shone brighter than a quasar. At least, that’s what I remember thinking back in fifth-grade.
     “Luke,” I quickly divert from Bella’s photo. “How about we flip over to the ‘memories’ section? Y’know, the one where there are pictures that were taken throughout the year?”
     “Sure.”
     “Now let’s hope Mr. Nostalgia over here doesn’t cry,” says Peter.
     “Hey, look,” Luke points out. “It’s our squad! Me, you two, Dean, and… Caleb.” It’s been awhile since any of us have seen Caleb, ever since he moved in sixth-grade. “Damn, I miss the fella. We had some good memories.” Caleb’s red hair and his glorious smile are vibrant in the picture, and put the other four of us to shame. “Anyway, moving on… again.” Luke turns a couple of pages ahead.
     “WAIT!” Peter shouts, though not as loud as Luke did a few moments earlier. “Stop! What’s that? HAHA!”
     “Peter, I’ve said this many times: I do not remember Hannah and I posing for a photo together. Like, at all.”
     “You two look happy,” I retort, feeling my face scrunch up a bit.
     “Shut up, Toby.”
     “Wait, Luke, what’s that picture?”
     Luke looks at that spot of the page and quickly flips to the next.
     “What was it?” I ask, curious.
     “Heh, nothing, Toby. Now let’s play that game of truth or dare.”
     “Show me, Luke.”
     “Luke,” Peter sighs. “Show him the photo.”
     Luke reluctantly opens the yearbook back up to the page. I look at the photo. There I am, standing next to none other than… Bella. We’re both smiling brightly, but especially her.
     “Oh.”
     “Toby, don’t.”
     “I still remember fifth-grade. I remember when times were simpler. Before she hated me.”
     “Toby, please. Not right now.”
     “Fine.”
     “Alright, good,” says Peter. “Let’s play truth or dare now!” Peter created a modified version of the game. Though I haven’t played it in over a year, I still remember the premise: truths and dares were more extreme than usual, but both people had to commit for them. They were small but effective changes.
     “Alright,” Luke begins. “I’ll ask first. Peter, truth or dare?”
     “Hmm… well, it’s dead early morning, so no dares right now. Truth.”
     “Alright, you two.” Luke grins. “Who are you guys crushing on right now?”
     “Well,” Peters thinks. “I do kinda like Grace Flanzo…”
     “And you, Toby?”
     “Um…” I have to think quickly. I don’t want to say a random name; I wouldn’t be able to keep up a crush for very long. But if I say…
     “Bella Crowsol.”
     “Haha,” Luke grins again. “Toby, you’re funny. But who is it actually?”
     “It’s still… her.”
     “Alright,” Peter says. “Toby, you’re sleeping in the hall.”
     I don’t take them seriously at first. However, a few minutes later, I rethink my actions. Those sly fuckers had actually locked me out of my own room.
     I’m freezing out in the hallway, so I make my way downstairs and lay on the couch in the living room. A bit of moonlight is shining through the window at me.
     I need to stop liking Bella. I’ve needed to for over a year. It’s hurting my friendships. It’s hurting me as a person.
     Luke and Peter have always been there for me. The only reason they’re getting angry is because of this; because of Bella.
     Suddenly, I hear footsteps coming down the stairs. I try to press into the couch and blend in better with it.
     “Toby?” It’s Carter. I guess I wasn’t hidden enough for him. “Toby, why are you on the couch?”
     “They kicked me out of my room.”
     “But, why?”
     I explain the events of the night to Carter. With him and I being very close, I know that I can trust him.
     “Listen, Toby-“
     “I know. I need to get over it.”
     “Just try. It’ll improve your mental health. Do you want me to go talk to them?”
     “Yes, please.”
     With that, Carter slowly walks back up the stairs. A few moments later, he walks back over to me.
     “Alright, they’ll let you back in. But just make an attempt to get over this girl.”
     I nod my head. “Goodnight, Carter.”
     “‘Night, Toby.”
     I enter my room and close the door behind me.

[POV: TOBY]

     “Alright, guys,” my mother says the next morning. It’s our last night with everyone here. Luke, I’ve made arrangements so your mother will pick you up tomorrow morning. Xavier, when are you and Peter planning on heading out tomorrow?”
     “10:00.”
     “Okay. Sounds like a plan. So, we’ve had plenty of beach days so far. Today I feel like shaking things up. We’re doing mini-golf!”
     I’ve always been bad at mini-golf, but there’s something oddly fun about that. It appears that, conveniently, everyone else feels the same. Well, except Peter.
     “Mini-golf is for babies.”
     “Like you?” Luke retorts. Peter kicks his leg.
     “Knock it off,” Xavier says, firmly.
     About an hour later, we’re in the car, on our way to mini-golf.
     “Have you heard from Dad at all?” I ask Carter.
     “Yeah, I’ve been texting him a bit. It’s quiet at home, but nice.”
     “I’m going to get more points than all of you!” Peter confidently shouts.
     “Peter, you numbskull,” Luke responds. “Do you even know how this game works?”
     “No.” Peter sinks lower in his seat.
     Xavier and Carter are sitting in the middle row, talking about subjects that I couldn’t care less about.
     “Luke,” I whisper. “Why did you guys have to lock me out like that last night?”
     “Shut up. We’ll talk about this later.”
     “Fine.”
     “We’re here!” my mother calls from the front seat, delightfully.
     We exit the car and walk over to the place. My mind’s racing in this moment.
     “Okay, Pete,” Luke begins to explain. “You want to have the least amount of points in this game.”
     “But that makes no sense! This is stupid.”
     “No it’s not, it’s just that you have the brain capacity of a sugar cube.”
     “I’m really bad at mini-golf,” I say, trying to reassure Peter.
     “Everyone has different skills, I guess.”
     As we walk on the pavement, I catch something out of the corner of my eye. It appears that Luke does as well.
     “Wait, Toby, is that…”
     “Aye, I think it is!”
     “Pete, look over there!”
     Grace Flanzo is standing off to the distance, waiting by the counter.
     “Wait,” I say. “That’s probably where we get our stuff. Which means…”
     “I’m not doing this,” Peter quickly turns red and does a backwards walk.
     Luke rushes after him.
     “Pete, I can get you your putter and ball if you want.”
     “Please, guys. She’s probably going to be playing at the same time as us!”
     “Pete…” Luke smiles and winks. “We’re getting you your stuff. But after that, the ball’s in your court.”
     Peter lags behind as Luke and I make our way over to the counter. Upon closer observance, it is, indeed, Grace Flanzo.
     “Wait, who’s that she’s talking to?”
     She’s standing next to another person, who appears to have dirty blonde hair. Shortly after, however, this person walks into the distance.
     “Eh, not important. Let’s go up.”
     Luke and I go past the girls and I walk up to the counter. I can hear him talking from behind me.
     “Yo, Grace. Crazy seeing you here! Yeah, yeah, Toby’s with me. Peter Brolde’s with us too, he’s standing over there. Not sure what his problem is, though. Oh yeah, were you talking to someone from school? Who was that? Oh…” Luke starts speaking quieter so I can’t hear him.
     I wait for the others to walk over.
     “Peter c’mon!” Xavier loudly calls, annoyed.
     Peter proceeds to slowly make his way over to us.
     My mother talks to the man at the counter while we stand and wait.
     “Toby,” Luke quickly rushes back over to me. “We need to talk. In private. Over there,” he points to an unoccupied spot nearby. “Hurry.”
     As we’re briskly walking over, I ask him what’s up.
     “Well, you see, Grace isn’t alone. You know that already. But, uh… Bella’s here.”
     “Bel- WHAT?”
     “Yeah, I know! Okay, man, listen. Act like she’s not here. Just stay with our crew.”
     “What if Peter tries to pull off some bullshit?” My legs begin to tremble.
     “I mean, considering what happened yesterday, I think he’s going to be more annoyed than anything.”
     “Guys!” Carter shouts. “We’re starting! Come over!”
     We walk back to our party.
     “Uh, Carter?” I begin, nervously.
     “What’s up?”
     I stand tall and lean over to him.
     “She’s here. Bella.”
     “Oh…” Carter looks at me in shock. “Well, there’s nothing we can really do now. Just try to ignore her. We’re at mini-golf to have fun, so fun is what you’ll get!” He pats me on the back. “Relax, Toby. It’ll be okay. Breathe.”
     We walk over to hole #1.
     “Now,” Xavier declares, confidently. “I’m the world champion in this game. There’s literally nobody better than me.”
      “Xavier,” Carter holds in a laugh. “Last time we played this, your ball fell in the water.”
     “I always win,” Xavier says, louder than before. “You challenging me, Plaus?”
     “Maybe I am, Brolde.”
     “Then it’s on!”
     “I assume you boys want to play separately?” my mother inquires.
     “Oh, uh, yes, Mom. That would be preferable.”
     Carter and Xavier advance to hole #2 and start there.
     “Guys,” Peter says. “We should probably start. There are people behind us.”
     “Wait, but, I think we know these people, Peter!”
     Peter slaps himself.
     “Okay, okay, let’s just start! Quickly!”
     Needless to say, I’m horrible at the game. Even Peter, who barely knows the rules of this game and has never played it, is performing better than me.
     “Looks like Toby’s trash!” Luke yells. Grace giggles a couple of holes behind us. No other sounds can be heard.
     “Y’know, Luke,” I whisper. “I haven’t heard Bella talk at all yet.”
     “Hold on.” He turns around for a moment, and his face turns to disappointment. “Yep, Toby, she looks freakin’ pissed.”
     We continue on. Around halfway through, I finally turn around. Grace is in the midst of putting, while Bella is standing next to her. She looks into my eyes, and we make contact. Unlike years prior, however, she’s shooting daggers. I quickly turn back, attempting to contain myself.
     “Oh, Toby, please,” says Luke. “Save it for when we get home. At least, then, we can smother your crying with a pillow.”
     “Luke, we… looked at each other. And she just showed pure hatred.”
     “Let’s just finish this game, Toby.”
     The rest of the round is pretty uneventful. After we eventually finish hole #18, we bring our putters back up to the counter. My mother is standing there, waiting, as are Carter and Xavier. The latter has tears in his eyes.
     “Pure skill,” says Carter.
     “You ch-cheated.”
     “Pure. Skill.”
     “Alright,” my mother begins to ask. “Who won?”
     Peter and I speak at the same time.
     “Luke.”
     We walk back over to the car. The sun’s beating down heavily.
     “Guys, I don’t really want to go back to school next week,” I say, softly.
     “Does it look like any of us do?” Peter sounds mildly annoyed. “Also, fuck you, Luke. You just had to point me out to Grace. Oh, no, I could surely tell.”
     “Man, I’m just trying to cover you.”
     “I’M jUsT tRyiNg tO cOvEr yOU,” Peter mocks. “Yeah, no, I’m gonna clobber you later.”
     “Eh, you’ll get over it.” Luke waves his hand in the air. “Let’s go.”
     We step into the car one by one. I wonder; what lies ahead? Next year will be full of new adventures, but likely some form of drama as well. Whatever it is, I’m not entirely prepared.

Part 1
Distant Settlement

[POV: ED]

     “Edward!” my mother calls from downstairs. “You’re going to be late!”
     I spring out of bed. What time is it? The clock reads 7:00.
     “Shit!” I hastily run over to my closet, where I get dressed. Nothing too fancy, just something that’ll work.
     I brush my teeth and eat breakfast as if I was speedrunning this morning. After leaving the house, I check my watch. I have time.
     My pace slows down as I calmly walk to the bus stop. The sky is a cool orange-blue color, like something from another planet. The air is quite misty, and I can hear a bird chirp somewhere nearby.
     Having moved here over the summer, I know nobody in this town-not yet, at least. I have no idea what to expect, and my stomach drops a little.
     I board the bus and look out of the window. There’s a few drops of water on it, so my view isn’t entirely clear. I observe the trees as they pass by, sometimes I see a house, occasionally a road. I can only imagine what school will feel like.
     Once I get off the bus, I see it: Yopton High School.
     Not much happens for a bit. I wait inside the auditorium as we have been instructed to do. There’s chatter all around me.
     I see a group of four occasionally glance over, until the shortest one finally approaches me.
     “Hey, I’m Dean. Are you new to the town?”
     “Oh, hi, my name’s Ed. Yeah, I moved here over the summer.”
     “Sweet, lemme introduce you to my friends!”
     I follow Dean over to the other three.
     “First we have Peter. He tries to be cool but fails every time.” I can see Peter’s fist clench.
     “Next, we have Luke. He actually is cool without trying too hard.”
     “Heya,” says Luke. I give him an awkward wave.
     “Finally,” Dean explains. “there’s Toby. He’s a good kid, although…” Dean’s voice becomes quieter, “he gets emotional easily.”
     “No I don’t,” Toby says.
     “Dude, Luke told me about how they had to lock you out of your own room last week. You’re not over her.”
     I stand in confusion as the two argue.
     “Well, it’s nice meeting you guys. I gotta-“
     “No,” Luke stands his ground. “We like you, Ed. You gotta stay with us. Please?”
     “Oh, fine.” And so I do.
     A lot occurs that day. First, we go to homeroom, where, coincidentally enough, I have the same teacher as Toby and Dean.
     “Alright, buckaroos,” the teacher says, sounding laid-back. “My name is Mr. Grale. You’ll be in this homeroom for the next four years, so we should probably make this count. Let’s go around and say our names.”
     After we do that, Mr. Grale talks some more.
     “We’ll work as a team here. You’ll all become very close, as homeroom meets everyday.”
     He goes on and talks about boring administrative stuff. After that, it’s time to preview our classes.
     I have history class with Toby, and English and math classes with Luke. Not bad.
     Next, it’s time for lunch.
     “Toby, why do you keep looking at that table over there?” I ask. He’s being obvious about it, almost as if to attract attention.
     “That,” Luke explains, “is Bella Crowsol. Toby’s ex-‘girlfriend’ who he can’t seem to get over. They only ‘dated’ in seventh-grade, though.”
     “There’s more to it!” Toby intervenes.
     “Eh, whatever, man.”
     “I’m sorry, Toby,” I say. “I mean, she looks friendly.”
     “Oh hell no,” says Peter. “She’s kind of a bitch.”
     “No, guys,” Toby sounds mildly frustrated. “I brought this upon myself. If I hadn’t been so dumb in seventh-grade, then-“
     “Then she still would’ve broken up with you,” Luke concludes.
     “Anyway, Ed,” says Dean, bringing me away from that conversation, “how are you liking it here?”
     “Well, I mean, it’s cool and all, but I don’t have many friends yet.”
     “You’ll make some, don’t worry.”
     Suddenly, I see a brunette girl from Bella’s table stand up and begin to walk over.
     “Hey Grace,” says Luke. “What brings you over here?” Peter goes quiet.
     “I just wanted to meet the new guy. Ed, right? My name’s Grace.”
     “Well, hello, there, Grace” I respond. “Nice to meet you!” I crack a smile.
     “Oh yeah, also, my friend wants to meet you!”
     “Can she come over here too?” I ask.
     “Err, no. She has something against one of your friends. Come on over if you get the chance.” Grace walks back to her table, and I follow her.
     “So, this is the kid?” A girl with blonde hair is looking at me. “Well, you seem like a nice guy, Ed. I’m Bella!”
     So this was Toby’s ex.
     “Hi, Bella. How’s it going?”
     “Good, so far. How are you feeling so far?”
     “Well, I’ve made some friends so far. Peter Brolde, Luke Donahue, Dean Richard, and Toby Plaus.” After I say the last name, I can notice Bella’s face fill with a hint of disgust.
     “Ah, yes… a… fine crew. Well, I’ll see you around, Ed.”
     “Alright, see ya.” I walk back over to my table.
     “What the hell just happened?” Toby looks mildly shocked. “What did she…”
     “Relax, Toby,” Luke says. “It’ll be okay. They’re just friends.”
     “Not even that,” I say. “We just talked a bit.” Toby releases his tension.
     “I’m… sorry, Ed. I shouldn’t be this curious.”
     “It’s fine, dude. Don’t worry about it.”
     At this point, the bell rings. Now we have to go back to the auditorium for an assembly.
     The room is dimly lit as I’m seated next to my four friends. The stage lights up and the principal walks out.
     “Hello. For those of you who haven’t met me yet, I’m Mr. Randé, the principal of Yopton High School. It’s an honor to be able to meet each and every one of you, and I hope that we can get to know each other better over this four-year experience.” Mr. Randé continues on for a bit longer, then the teachers and guidance counselors come onstage for a bit.
     “Hey, look,” whispers Dean. On the back wall, they have a projection of each of the year’s events. “A dance in April. You know how much Toby must be excited for that!”
     Toby, who heard this, looks at Dean, annoyed.
     “Dean, shut up.”
     School eventually ends and I make my way home.
     “Hey, Ed,” my mother calls from somewhere. “How was your first day?”
     “It was good,” I respond, then go upstairs to my room. The people at this school are so friendly. I already have four friends, and I'm on fine terms with other people. I can already tell that I’m in good hands.

[POV: TOBY]

     My foot is in a cast, and I sigh in despair. Recess is supposed to be a time of joy; a time of releasing all of that energy; a time of memories.
     “Haha, Toby!” Peter yells to me as I’m propped up against the wooden fence next to the field. “You have to stand there while we get to play soccer!”
     Caleb lets out a giggle.
     “Don’t worry, T,” says Luke. “It’ll heal. They always do; at least, that’s what my mom says. Do you want me to stand with you?”
     “Thanks, Luke, but you go on ahead. I’m the one who fell out of the tree.”
     I grasp my crutches tighter. It isn’t fair. Why do they get to play, but I have to stand off to the side?
     “Hey,” a girl’s voice says next to me. I turn and see that she also has crutches. “Are those your friends out there?”
     “Yeah,” I let out another sigh. “I really wish I could play with them.” I look up and see Peter kick the ball straight into the net.
     “Well, hey, you aren’t alone! My friends are all playing tag, while I can only watch!”
     “Oh, that stinks. What happened to you?”
     “Fell out of a tree,” she says. “There’s this big tree in my yard that I love to climb, but I guess I did it wrong…”
     I face her from the front.
     “No way! The same happened with me! Well, my tree was in my backyard.”
     Suddenly, she speaks.
     “Do you like to read?”
     “Yeah. I’m getting into comic books, but these new ‘chapter books’ seem interesting as well! They’re a bit annoying to read, though.”
     “I agree. A book with over 100 pages? Crazy!” We both laugh so hard that I knock one of my crutches over.
     “Whoops.”
     “Here, let me get that for you!” She drops to the ground and props it back up against the fence, after which I help her up.
     “Thank you!” I can feel a smile begin to form.
     “Your name is Toby, right? I’m Bella!”
     “You seem kind, Bella.”
     “Aw! You too!”
     “Say, would you want to be my friend?” I ask, twiddling my fingers as I stay leaned against the fence.
     “Toby…”
     “Yes?” I inquire.
     “Toby Plaus!” The second-grade memory quickly leaves my mind, and I’m faced with Mr. Grale. “Now that I have your attention, what is one thing you did over the summer that you particularly enjoyed?
     “Going to the beach with my friends.”
     Mr Grale becomes calmer.
     “Alright, alright, cool! Mr. Francis, what about you?”
     “Well…” Ed puts his hand up to his chin as if to help him think. “Well… my last time seeing my friends before moving, probably. There was a huge pool party and everything.”
     “Beautiful,” says Mr. Grale. “Almost brings a tear to my eye.”
     A few hours later, I’m eating lunch with my friends. Noise in this cafeteria is abundant, so I have to speak a bit louder than usual.
     “Luke…” I begin. “Remember that time in second-grade when I broke my foot?”
     “Toby, this better not-” Yep. He definitely remembers.
     “If I hear even one more thing about this girl,” Peter begins to breathe heavily. “I’m, I’m… well, I don’t know what I’ll do. But stop.”
     “Yeah, Toby,” says Ed. “Relax. Think about the positives of life!”
     “You guys are right,” I exhale.
     “Quick,” Dean says. “I have an idea.” He dives into his backpack, rustles his arm around for a few moments, and pulls out a blank sheet of paper and a pencil. “Write down the positives in life.”
     “Good idea, Dean.” I begin to think. There're so many greats in life, which ones do I write down?
     I begin my list.
     “Carter,” I announce. “My brother has always supported me. Next, I’ll put you guys down. Ed, you’re going a bit lower for now, but only because I’ve known you for less than 36 hours.” Ed nods in agreement. “Ooh, music! I love playing my keyboard.”
     “Good, good,” says Dean. “Keep thinking!”
     By the end of lunch, my list is done.
     “Let’s see. We have everything I’ve already mentioned. My mom, who’s always really optimistic in life. My dad, who taught me to work hard and stay determined. Video games, for keeping the entertainment up. I’ll think of other stuff later.”
     “The important thing, Toby,” Dean continues, “is that you live life to the fullest. Embrace the good stuff.”
     While we’re in the midst of talking, I don’t notice Grace Flanzo walk over to the table again.
     “Hey, Ed, Bella wants to talk to you.”
     “Alright. Be back in a minute, guys.”
     “Toby,” says Luke once they leave. “Don’t worry about it. Bella is a chapter of the past, remember? Look, we need to talk later. Like, as in later tonight.”
     “I know. This is fine. It’s okay.”
     “Are you sure, Toby? You look really tense.”
     “Luke, I’m fine,” I say.
     “I don’t trust you. We’re going to talk later.”
     When we get off the bus, I speak to my brother.
     “Carter, there’s something that’s been… bothering me.”
     He sighs and droops forward.
     “Is it something about Bella again, Toby?” Even he seems to be tired of this.
     “Uh, nevermind.” I hurry ahead, the wind giving me chills.
     Later on, I get a text from Luke.
     “Get on a video call.”
     “Alright,” I say when Luke picks up. “What do you want?”
     “Look, man. I’ve been worrying a lot about you recently. Is everything okay?”
     “Yes, Luke. Everything is fine.” As I’m sitting in my chair, I look at my   next to me. Maybe playing that later will help.
     “For real, though,” Luke’s eyebrows fall a bit. “I know, I know. The Bella situation isn’t easy. You met in second-grade, and then messed everything up in seventh-grade. It’s hard. But listen, we’re here for you.”
     “Luke,” my vision becomes blurry. “She was the reason I wanted to go to school every day. Even a year later, it still resonates with me.”
     “I get it. But, listen. Ed’s a nice guy. Even if they do end up clicking, you can still be friends with him. You know that, right?”
     “Yeah, I know, Luke.”
     We talk for a bit longer, reminiscing on the old times. Eventually, however, we come to a conclusion.
     “Well, Luke, I have to go.”
     “Me too. Good luck, Toby.”
     “Thanks, Luke.”
     I lay on my bed and a strange feeling overwhelms me. It’s not anger. It’s not sadness. It’s more of a type of… disgust towards myself.
     “Why am I like this?” I whisper to myself. “Why can’t I do anything right?”
     I stand up and walk over to my mirror, preparing my pep talk.
     “Listen, you. I’m done with all of these excuses. You’re breaking yourself. You need to get over this. Join an activity or something. But, in your current state? You offend me.” After this, I decide that I’ve given myself enough talk for one night, and go to sleep.
     Within a few minutes, I drift off into a dream.
     I’m on a playground. A cicada makes a noise in the distance, and the sun looms overhead. In addition to this, I can hear a creaking noise every few seconds. Some trees around the playground help set the scene, and there’s a fence next to the road. A car drives on this road.
     Currently, I’m kneeling on some wood chips, so I stand up and brush my legs off.
     Then I see the brick building that stands proudly nearby. Yopton Elementary.
     Shielding my eyes from the sun, I make my way over to the edge of the field, by the fence. I had stood at this spot nearly seven years before.
     It feels almost eerie being here when nobody else is. Sure, it’s somewhat common to see a school with nobody inside of it; weekends, in the evening, over break. But this… seems different.
     I hear a giggle from afar and turn around to see what exactly made the noise. Then I finally notice the swingset that had been creaking this whole time.
     A young boy is sitting on the farthest right swing, and a girl of about the same height is standing behind it, pushing him.
     I sweat as I do not want to be spotted. However, after a couple of minutes of standing in the open field, I realize that they had still not seen me yet.
     I make my way over to the swing to hear their conversation.
     “I still can’t believe there’s only one year left until middle school!” The boy sounds excited. His curly, brown hair seems to jitter in the wind.
     “Yeah!” The girl sounds just as enthusiastic, and her blonde hair gets lifted a bit as well. “I’ve heard stories of friends who leave each other in middle school. But that’s not gonna happen to us, right?”
     “Of course not! Listen, Bella. I promise you that we’ll be friends forever!”
     “Forever forever?”
     “Forever and ever!”
     “Toby, you’re one of my best friends, you know that, right?” At this point, she begins to push the swing less often.
     “Bella, you’re one of mine as well. Don’t worry!” I stare at them in disbelief. Toby? Bella? Am I in one of my memories?
     “Look, Toby, I still have the friendship bracelet you made for me in third-grade!”
     “Funny you say that!” Young Toby’s eyes light up. “I still have mine as well!” At this point, I’m only a mere couple of yards away.
     He leaps off of the swing and approaches Bella. I see both of them lift their arms up and put their wrists together. First, it confuses me. Why would they do that?
     I walk around to the other side, and realize what they’re doing.
     “The friendship bracelets!” I whisper loudly. I remember spending an entire Saturday in third-grade, just to make them as perfect as possible.
     Their two halves form a heart in the middle. They both proceed to look each other in the eyes.
     At this point, I’ve seen enough. I feel the wood chips below my feet as I walk over to the red building that is the school.
     I try the door. Instead of obliging my pull, however, it merely makes a clang and remains shut.
     “It’s locked,” I tell myself. At this point, I’m satisfied, and so I close my eyes and rest under a nearby tree.

[POV: ED]

     The first full week of school goes by. We don’t get much work; although I’ve already received a math sheet. Mr. Grale’s been chill so far; at least, when we do what he wants. For example, on the second day of school, Toby ended up drifting off during homeroom and Mr. Grale yelled at him. Nothing remarkable has happened since then, besides Bella and I becoming a bit closer. That is, we’ve talked during lunch a bit more. Still not that close, but not strangers.
     “Alright, class,” says Mr. Grale. “The school events are on the calendar on the website. Coming up soon, however, is the first dance of the year!” Mr. Grale walks around the room and hands each of us a sheet. “This is the contract. Once you get this signed, everything will be all good to go!”
     Dean shakes his paper a few times, as if to straighten it out.
     “This thing’s next Friday!”
     Not much else occurs during that homeroom class.
     As Toby and I walk to history, he begins to speak.
     “Ed, last week I had this crazy dream, where…”
     “We all have wacko dreams sometimes, Toby.”
     “Yeah, you’re right.” He remains silent for the rest of the walk.
     During lunch, he brings it up again.
     “Basically, I was back at the elementary school… and… I saw me. Like, me from fifth grade. And, Bella… she was pushing me on a swing. She was telling me that we would be friends forever, Ed! Forever!”
     “Do you want me to ask her what’s up?”
     He slams down on the table.
     “No! Are you outta your fucking mind?” He becomes still for a few seconds. “Sorry about that. But… she’d probably just ignore any attempt.”
     “I can try for you, buddy,” I say, letting out a faint smile.
     “Go ahead.”
     I walk over to Bella’s table and speak to her.
     “Hello, Ed,”  her smile beams. “Anything specific you want to talk about?”
     “Well, you see-look, can we do this in private?”
     “Uh, sure?” She looks confused.
     She gets up and we walk into the hallway, where I start the discussion.
     “So… I’ve heard about you and Toby.” I spot her fist clench.
     “Is that what this is about!?” her yell echoes through the empty hallway. “Look, Ed, I’ve seen you hanging out with Toby. Whatever. But why do you need to talk about him to me?”
     “I was just curious, that’s all!” My eyes tear up.
     “Well, if you want to know so badly, ask Toby! I’m done here, Ed!”
     With that, she storms back into the busy cafeteria.
     My hands begin to tremble and I can feel my legs shake violently below me. Why was she so aggressive?
     Eventually, I do end up walking back inside to my table; however, not before scratching my chin, confounded.
     Toby’s head is on the table, and he lets out a quiet question.
     “So, how did it go, Ed?”
     “Not well, I’m afraid. I’m sorry, Toby.”
     “Look, Ed. I’m not perfect; she has reasons not to like me.”
     “Oh, shush, Toby. You’re a good guy, you two just might not go together. There are plenty of fish in the sea.”
     He brings his head up.
     “That’s it! If I can go after someone new, I won’t have to worry about Bella anymore!”
     Luke shakes his head.
     “Toby, that’s not-”
     “Luke, this has to be the solution!”
     “TOBY! YOU CAN’T CONVINCE YOURSELF INTO LIKING SOMEONE ELSE!”
     “Luke, it’s not that I’ll be ‘convincing’ myself.” Toby has his head up, confidently. “It’ll just be me opening my eyes to the great wonders of the outside world!”
     “Toby,” Dean looks at him in disbelief. “No. You can’t do that, Toby. I get that you want to move on, but this isn’t the correct way. You’ll just hurt yourself more, and imagine the poor girl that you end up making a move on but backing out randomly.”
     “I appreciate your concern, Dean, but everything will go alright! I promise you!”
     “Toby, this isn’t the way! You can’t fake through life!”
     “Guys,” Toby states with a big grin on his face. “I already know someone I like.”
     Peter slaps himself in the face.
     “Toby, you dumbass! Sure, you may find someone attractive, but I think everyone here knows that you aren’t over Bella.”
     “Oh, but I do like another person! Just you wait and see!” At that exact moment, the bell rings.
     “What do you think, Ed?” Luke asks me as we’re walking down the hall later. “I mean, I know you don’t know Toby well, but trust me when I say this: he never shuts up about her.”
     “Oh, I can tell,” I respond. “Though, I sorta feel bad for the guy.”
     “Oh yeah, me too. But sometimes, enough is enough. It’s been over a year since they broke up; he has to move on.”
     “Wait, Luke,” I stop in my tracks. “When did you say they met again?”
     “Second-grade.”
     “Well, I mean, they were good friends. That’s kind of heartbreaking to think about; knowing someone for 5 years, then messing it all up because you did something stupid?”
     “There’s the problem, Ed. I mean, it wasn’t that he was necessarily being harmful or abusive; it was just, more, well, annoying. Spammy. I do have to admit, though, that her reaction to him is a bit harsh. Maybe she’s just ticked because he still hasn’t gotten over it.”
     “He’s going to have to, sooner or later,” I say.
     Luke turns towards me.
     “THAT’S WHAT I’VE BEEN TELLING HIM SINCE LAST JUNE!”
     We walk into math class, where Grace is standing near the door. Suddenly, without warning, she walks over to me and hurls a piece of paper at me.
     “Wha…?”
     “Ed, what is that?”
     I look back up, but Grace is gone. She probably went to get water.
     “Is that a…” Luke quiets down, “love letter?”
     After reading the various compliments written on this pink sheet, I come to my conclusion.
     “Uh, yes. It is.”
     “Damn,” Luke squeezes in to read it. “But Peter likes her. That might start some beef.”
     “I mean, she seems nice enough. You know what, if she asks me out, I’ll say yes!”
     “Now, Ed, make sure this is genuine. You don’t want to end up like Toby.” Luke crosses his arms.
     “Oh, don’t worry, Luke,” I feel myself becoming dizzy, “it is genuine.”
     “Goddamn it, Ed, don’t start acting like him. Well, either way, congrats. Remember not to screw up.”
     A few moments after I sit down, Grace rushes hastily back into the room, avoiding all eye contact with me.
     Later on, at around 8:00, I think of my plan.
     “Okay,” I tell myself. “Don’t be nervous. You like her. She likes you. Don’t mess this up. Tomorrow morning you’re going to talk to her. You’re going to tell her how you feel. Everything will work out fine.” My heart begins to beat at an exponential rate. I can’t do this. I can’t do this. I can’t do this.
     “Yes I can,” I counter against my doubt. “It’ll be easy, Ed. You’ll be fine. Now, go get some rest.” Following my own demands, I go to sleep, surprisingly peacefully.

[POV: TOBY]

     A bird calls from afar. Wind is flowing through the tree branches, causing their leaves to shake and creak. Water rushes down the river nearby.
     “Y’know,” says Dean, who’s walking next to me. “Maybe school won’t be so bad. I mean, we’ve already made a new friend within the first two weeks.”
     “Yeah, he’s a nice guy. But, how does he do it? How does he get to her?”
     Dean lets out a sigh.
     “Toby, have you even noticed his personality yet? He’s really nice. And… well… let’s talk about this later.” He picks up a stone from the ground and skips it on the river, where it leaps on the water four times before fully breaking the surface. “Let’s just adore the nature around us.”
     “Yeah…” I respond, and look into the trees. Out of my three current best friends, Dean is the one I’m the least closest to. That’s not to say we aren’t close; we very much are, but sometimes I worry that I take him for granted a bit.
     “Hey, Dean,” I say. “Want to go and explore the deep woods?”
     “Nah, man. That shit’s scary.” Dean begins to turn back.
     “We have phones, Dean. There’s a signal out here. Even if we do somehow get lost, which we won’t, we’ll be fine.”
     “Okay, fine, let’s go in,” he agrees, reluctantly.
     Fallen branches snap below our feet as we advance further into the darkness.
     “Why do you even want to go into here anyway, Toby?”
     “Uh, because it’s cool?”
     “Be honest with me, Toby.”
     “Okay.” I slow down. “There’s a spot here. It’s a little stream. I remember I used to go out here all the time, but haven’t been since sixth-grade; I was with Luke the last time I went here.”
     “Then why were you trying to hide it?” Dean asks. “Wait. No. Don’t tell me. You’ve been here with her, haven’t you?”
     “N...no. It’s just a spot from my childhood.”
     “Alright, then, which way is it?” I point my finger straight ahead and he bolts off.
     The truth is, I have been there one more time since. In seventh-grade, I had gone there with Bella. That’s where I had told her my feelings.
     After a minute or so, I hear the faint sound of flowing water, and see Dean once again.
     “Toby, look at this! It’s like… a tent, or something!” I find the spot he was looking at, and what greets me is a small structure. However, the foundation is purely wooden; as if made by hand.
     “Okay, first of all,” I say, taking a step back. “That isn’t a tent, Dean. Sure, it may be in the shape of a tent, but if it’s wooden then it’s more of a… fort. More importantly, though, how long do you think this has been here?”
     “The wood looks like it’s rotted…” Dean analyzes the full structure. “The inside… well, I don’t want to go inside. But it’s dark and empty. Just like your heart, Toby!”
     “Pure comedy, Dean. Now…” I stare into the glossy stream, and the memories begin to flood back.
     Caleb, Luke, Peter, and I have just found the stream.
     “It’s so… quiet,” says Luke. “This looks so cool, though!”
     “Yeah,” says Caleb. “Maybe if I tell some people about this river, we can make a town by it or something!”
     “This isn’t a river,” I say. “A river’s bigger than this. This is just a stream. But, yes, a town by the river would be awesome!”
     “I can already picture it,” says Peter, looking up into the sky. “We’ll get rich! We’ll force people to pay rent to us for living in one of the houses here!”
     We all begin to laugh.
     “I think I should probably go home soon,” I say. “But let’s go back out here again next weekend, guys. We’ll begin our construction then.”
     “Toby?” My mind clears, and I look up to see Dean staring at me. “What are you doing?”
     “Ah, nothing,” I respond. “Just remembering when we first found this place, that’s all. We should probably get going, Dean. It’s been fun hanging out with you today.”
     “The feeling is mutual, brother. See you tomorrow.”
     Later on, I’m sitting on the chair in my room, thinking about the stream. How we had had great ambitions to craft an actual society around it.
     “Guess not all things in life end as expected,” I tell myself. “I should probably read more about that dance.”
     I rummage through my backpack and pull out the purple sheet of paper that Mr. Grale had given us.
     “Hm… it’s next week.” Thankfully, it’s not a semi-formal, but rather just a ‘welcoming’ dance. “Yeah. I’ll ask my guys if they want to go to this.” With that, I go to sleep.
     I’m back at that school again. This time, however, nobody’s here.
     It’s at the point of dusk; the sun is setting, filling the sky with a pink gradient. There’s no wind; everything is still.
     I shiver as I walk around, wondering how I can get into the school. Once again, I try the door.
     “Open!” I say, banging on it. “Let me in!” I see the keyhole on the door. Hopefully there’s a spare key somewhere, or I’ll have to resort to breaking in, and that might be a bit tough.
     The sun has almost completely set now, and the night is as still as ever.
     I run back over to the playground and view the various structures that I had once used. The swings, the slides, the monkey bars. Everything here looks just like it once had, years ago.
     I get a sudden urge to go to the wooden fence, and so I comply with it. Leaning against the fence, I observe the constantly-darkening school that had once been my own. A place where I had had many adventures years ago.
     As I sink farther and farther back, I feel something stab into my foot.
     “What the hell is that?” I bend down and pick up the metallic object. It looks like… a key.
     “Who would leave a key laying out in an open field?” I wonder, and walk over to the door once again. I insert the key into the keyhole, turn it, and…
     Click.
     I’m now in the school.
     Its dim corridors are only lit by a bit of moonlight at this point. They, too, are silent.
     The sound of each footstep echoes around me as I walk further along. Due to this being one of the side entrances, many classrooms become available right as I enter. However, I keep walking down the hallway, wanting to explore every square inch of the school again.
     Calling this place huge would be an understatement. It’s separated into three full floors: the first floor, with the kindergarten and first-grade classrooms, is where most of the fun is; the music classrooms, gym, cafeteria, office… They’re all here.
     Next is the second floor. This consists of the second and third-grade classrooms. In addition to those, this is where the art classrooms are found.
     Finally, the third floor. That’s where the big guys live: the fourth and fifth-graders. However, being on the top floor sucked, because I had to climb 2 sets of stairs every day.
     As I continue exploring the first floor hallway, I can see the light illuminating through the windows and hitting the floor. I also notice some dust particles in the air being revealed by this same light.
     Once I’m at the end of the hall, I look around, as if to jog my memory. To my left is the cafeteria.
     “Let’s see how this place has been,” I tell myself, and go to open the door.
     Clang. This one’s locked too.
     “Oh well. Maybe another night.”
     I slowly walk over to a nearby window and stare outside. The trees on the property shake very little, and the street ahead remains empty. Every building across the street has its lights off.
     Then I look up at the moon.

[POV: ED]

     I walk through the concrete halls, thinking about how I’m going to do this.
     “Alright, Ed, it’s easy. You just go up to her and talk. It’s that simple.”
     During homeroom, I partially pay attention, but also think more about Grace.
     “Toby,” I whisper, nudging my friend on the arm. “Toby, there’s something I need to tell you.”
     “Tell me during lunch,” he whispers back.
     “No. I’ll do it on the way to history.”
     One homeroom later and we are, indeed, on the way to history.
     “Alright, Toby, so you know Grace Flanzo?”
     “You mean Peter’s crush?” He lets out a smile.
     “Yeah, uh, about that…” I tell him everything. I tell him about math yesterday, the note, my feelings, her feelings, my overthinking, and everything in between.
     “Alright,” Toby takes a deep breath. “First of all, go slowly. Be smooth. The hardest part about getting to a girl is the doubt; you conquer that, you’re good. Just be honest with her, Ed. I’m sure she’ll feel flattered.”
     “Then do I ask her out?”
     “Maybe. But you might also wanna wait a bit. Build up some suspense. Make it spicy, ya know?”
     “Hmm…” I wonder, perplexed. “Spicy? That’s an… odd way of putting it; I get what you mean, though-I think. I’ll see what I can do.”
     “That’s my boy, Ed!” Toby gives me a pat on the back. “When are you planning on doing it, anyway?”
     I had actually thought about each possible time and their likelihood of success, ranked in order. The one I saw most fit was… 
     “Lunch. It’ll give me the most time. Hopefully all of the attention on her won’t make her uncomfortable.”
     I spend the next few classes sweating. What happens if she gets scared? What if I get scared? What if this was all just a joke?
     Lunch feels rapid.
     “What do I do what do I do what do I do what-”
     “Relax, Ed,” Luke reassures. “You’ll be fine.”
     “What are you guys talking about?” Peter asks from a couple of seats away. “Does Ed like someone?”
     “Oh, hey, Pete! Ah, nah, Ed just wants to talk to his friend, but he doesn’t wanna be awkward. His friend coincidentally happens to be female,” says Luke, leaning toward Peter.
     “Well, alright. Good luck, Ed!” Peter exclaims. Toby and Luke are both trying to hold in their laughter.
     You can do this, buddy. It’ll be alright.
     “Alright, guys,” I say. When I get up and start walking, I feel a rush of worry.
     It’ll be fine, Ed. Remember the plan.
     When I’ve made my way over to her table, I wait awkwardly for a second.
     “Heyo, Grace… Can we talk for a second? Like, in the hall?”
     As she looks up at me I see her face go white. She quickly nods her head.
     “So…” I say. “About that note you gave me.”
     “Yes?”
     “Well,” I look up from the ground. “I just want to say that I really appreciate it, and that I feel the same way about you.”
     “Wait.” I see her breathing begin to increase rapidly. “You mean it? You’re actually serious? Oh, Ed!”
     Later on, Luke has me pinned against a wall in another hallway.
     “What the fuck do you mean you ‘don’t know’? Ed, you literally just confessed your feelings to her! I told you to be careful!”
     “I mean, I want her to be happy, Luke.” I struggle to get away from him.
     “No, Ed. Playing with someone’s emotions does not make them happy. I get that you wanted to do the right thing, and I appreciate it, but you can’t just do that.”
     “Luke, what do I do?” I feel myself begin to sweat.
     “Alright, it’s okay, it’s okay. It can be okay. I guess, well-this is kind of wrong-but, maybe just try to fake some emotions with her for a bit? Then after some time tell her it’s not working out or something? Or, you can tell her now, but be prepared for some backlash and controversy.” 
     “Luke, I’m such an idiot!”
     “No you aren’t, Ed. But you just have to own up to your decision.”
     I can’t sleep that night. Everytime I’m about to, I hear Grace’s voice again.
     “You mean it?”
     I get up and open my curtains. It’s dark, yet the night is tranquil. Stars in the sky shine and glisten; the grass outside sparkles with dew.
     Why isn’t it like this all the time?
     “Ed, you look horrible,” Dean points out my stress the next day during homeroom. “Are you alright?”
     “Didn’t get much sleep last night.” I lay my head on my desk.
     “So, anyway… I heard about Grace,” Dean lets out a grin. “I ship it, Ed. Even if Peter might try to assassinate you now.”
     “Wait… you ship it?” I bring my head up and look Dean in the eyes.
     “Yeah,” he nods. “You two seem to go well together. You get along, always have some sort of topic to talk about, and overall seem to have fun.”
     This comes as a shocker to me. Here I am, believing that this won’t work out, and suddenly Dean decides to tell me why he thinks it will.
     “Alright, gentlemen,” Toby declares during lunch. “I know who I like. The new person.”
     “Toby, you absolute clown,” Luke looks soulless on the inside. “Did you not hear what I said the other day? We all know you’re not over Bella; it’s no secret. At all.”
     “No, no, no, Luke,” Toby puts his finger up. “There’s this other girl. I don’t really know her, but she seems nice, and she’s actually kinda cute!”
     “Toby, you pinhead. Wait until you’re stable again before you get back into the dating scene.”
     “I am stable, Luke. Now, do you want to know who I like?
     “Alright, I guess,” Luke takes a deep breath and sighs heavily. “Why not?”
     “Okay, my men,” Toby starts up. “You know the drill. Don’t spread it, don’t tell anyone. I trust you all.” We all agree not to spread it.
     “Alrighty,” he covers his mouth with his hands and exhales heavily. The girl I like is Mia Eris.”
     “Eris? As in the dwarf planet?” Out of all of us, I thought that Peter would have been the least likely to note this.
     “She seems nice, Toby,” says Dean. “But are you positive that you’re over Bella?”
     “Yes! I’m so positive about it that I’ll confess my feelings to her within the next 2 business days!”
     “No you are not,” says Luke. “You won’t get the courage. And even if you could, you’d just be digging your own grave. You and Mia are basically opposites, Toby.”
     “So? Don’t opposites attract or something?”
     He lets out another sigh.
     “No, Toby. That’s just a myth. Don’t do this; it’ll be awkward, trust me. You should at least get to know her first.”
     “I’ll do that after.”
     “Whatever, T. It’s up to you.”
     While they’re arguing about Mia, I notice Grace walking over to the table, quickly.
     “Huh?”
     Before I can process what’s going on, she gives me a light peck on the cheek and rushes back to her table.
     The boys wreak havoc.
“OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHH!!!”
     Well, except for Peter. He’s just sitting still, his face red and devoid of any emotion.
     “Hey, Peter, I-“
     “It’s fine. If I had really wanted her, I should’ve gotten to her first. You’re fine, Ed, don’t worry. Everything’s fine.”
     I feel something lump up in my throat.
     “Peter, I-“
     “No, really, Ed. Don’t worry about it. It’s fine.”
     But it’s not fine. At least, not hours later while I’m trying to sleep.
     “I feel bad,” I tell myself. “But don’t worry. Peter said it’s fine; and, even if it’s not fine to him, it was her who kissed me first. I won’t worry; there’s no need!” With this mindset, I’m able to sleep peacefully.

[POV: TOBY]

     “I don’t get it, Toby. Why would she do that? And out of nowhere, too…” Ed stares off into space as we walk to history.
     “I think she’s going on way too strong, Ed.”
     “Wow, gee, Toby, I would’ve never guessed that.”
     “Ed, you should probably tell her how you actually feel. Sure, it may come as a shocker to her, but it’s probably the way to go.”
     “No, Toby,” Ed says. “I’m going to keep this going for at least a bit.”
     “Well, the dance is next Friday, Ed. Suit yourself.” I hustle ahead. That should get him thinking.
     “Wait! Toby!” I stop and gradually turn my head around.
     “Yes?”
     “The dance is next Friday. You said you’d tell Mia your feelings by today or tomorrow!” He is bringing up a fair argument.
     “Yeah, it’s simple. If she likes me back, we dance. If not, then we don’t. Easy, Ed.”
     “Alright, Toby. But you have to remember to do it.”
     I run ahead. What if things don’t work out?
     “Guys,” I say during lunch. “I have to admit, I’m not quite ready yet. But I’ll do it tomorrow, don’t worry.”
     “HA!” Luke points at me. “You indeed are a clown! Toby, you know that this isn’t the right way to do it. Even if you were theoretically over Bella, this still wouldn’t be the right way!”
     “Silence, Luke,” I berate him. “Tomorrow. During lunch. I’ll give her a note.”
     “Oh my God, Toby! Don’t!” Peter tries to convince me the same way.
     “Alright, boys. I’m doing it.”
     Later on in the day, I’m in English class. Mia’s sitting on the other side of the room, silently. She’s the quiet type.
     “Look, Toby,” Peter whispers from my right. “She’s not your type. Too quiet for you. Leave the poor girl be.”
     “No, Peter. I know what I have to do.”
     That night, when I’m about to go to sleep, something feels unsettling.
     “This is fine,” I tell myself. “In fact, I should probably write her a note!”
     I get up and walk over to my desk.
     A blank piece of paper is already waiting there for me, with a pencil nearby. On the paper, I write my emotions. My feelings. My thoughts on her. I fold it up, put it in my backpack, and roll over to my keyboard.
     I simply play chords. They’re small, but they do the job at setting a feeling. After a couple of minutes of this, I go back to my bed and fall asleep.
     “So, Toby,” Luke says. I hear the stream rushing next to me. “How’s the house looking?”
     “Luke, that’s more of a wooden tent. But it’s good. How’s my building looking?”
     I present to him the frame of my cubic house.
     “I’m going to, uh, fill in the walls later.”
     “Looking good, Toby.”
     Caleb and Peter are a bit downstream, also building their structures.
     “It’s so… peaceful,” Luke looks up at the light shining through the trees. “I wish we could stay here forever.”
     “Me too.” I begin to fill in the frame with more wood.
     “Haha, no you don’t,” Peter calls from the distance. “Because, if you were here forever, you wouldn’t be able to see Bella anymore!”
     That last part seems to echo loudly.
     “Aw, shucks,” I quickly respond. “Yeah, we’re such great friends, it would be a SHAME if that were to happen!”
     “No,” Peter walks up to me. “We all know you like her, dude.”
     My face begins to turn red.
     “W-what are you talking about? We’re. Just. Friends.”
     “Dude, you know it’s okay to like her, right? We’re not judging you or anything, right, Caleb?”
     “That’s right!” Caleb responds, still working on his house.
     “But, Toby,” says Luke, stopping for a moment. “Be careful, you don’t want to make the same mistake I did with Hannah G.”
     “And what would that be?”
     “Don’t… don’t… don’t…”
     My alarm goes off.
     When I get to school, Luke is already waiting for me.
     “So, T, you going to do it?”
     “Outta my way, Donahue. I know exactly what I’m going to do.”
     Why does today have to go by so fast? I’m at lunch, thinking about this.
     Mia is on the other side of the cafeteria, sitting with her friends.
     “Welp, gents, it looks like my time has come.”
     I speedily reach for the note in my backpack before I can change my mind. The moment I stand up from the table, it feels like I’m in an active war zone.
     Don’t look suspicious. Remember, the hardest part is the approach,
     Don’t walk too fast. You don’t want everyone to notice you.
     Keep your eyes forward.
     Don’t turn back, Toby.
     I stay en route to the table and don’t slow down. However, for most of the trip, it isn’t suspicious even one bit; I could be going to the bathroom, or to throw something away. However, once I make the last turn, this becomes more challenging. This is the turn that signals that I’m headed for her table; every other possible destination is out of the way now.
     One of her friends looks up. I keep going.
     As I approach the table, I quickly drop the note down and bolt to the hall.
     “So, how’d it go, Toby?”
     “Ed, why are you here?”
     “I could tell that this would be your escape route,” Ed turns toward me. “How did it go?”
     “Good. Well, if you count dropping the note on her and making a beeline for the hallway ‘good’.”
     “Toby, do you want me to go inside and see what’s happening now?” I feel a mild sense of relief as well as an overwhelming amount of panic.
     “Uh, sure, Ed.”
     He walks into the cafeteria. After a few anxious moments, he returns to me.
     “They’re talking. A lot. She’s reading it.”
     “Ed, can you hide me when I walk back in? Like, cover me?”
     “Sure, buddy.” We speedwalk back to our table, with Ed making an attempt to cover me.
     “So…” Luke looks up at us. “You actually did it, Toby. I saw it all. Good job, buddy. Now we’ll wait and see what happens.”
     “I guess so.”
     I can’t sleep for awhile, I roll over and over in my bed.
     What if I did it wrong?
     Apparently, I somehow get to sleep eventually, due to my presence at the elementary school once again.
     I’m standing in front of the cafeteria. Once again I try the door, and, like last time, it won’t budge.
     The moonlight illuminates the corridor I’m standing in through the windows.
     “I should probably explore the rest of this floor,” I tell myself.
     Most of the classrooms I pass by are closed. After attempting (and failing) to enter a few of them, I come to the assumption that they’re all closed.
     Yet, there’s one that’s open.
     The same classroom I was in when I was in kindergarten.
     I don’t remember much from that year. No specific memories come to mind. However, I do remember the innocence. Life was perfect. Friendships were perfect. Everything was perfect; no worries back then, no struggles either. It was a good time to be alive.
     This room, too, does have a bit of light shining into it. The teacher’s desk almost appears to be glowing from it.
     What can I do here? I wonder. I look at the rug below my feet, with various different shapes on it. I remember that I was assigned to sit on one of the squares.
     All of the tables are clear of any items.
     Then I decide to check back at the teacher’s desk.
     There’s 3 drawers on the inner side of the desk, each stacked vertically.
     The top one is locked.
     The middle one is locked.
     The bottom one, while requiring a bit of force, does open. It’s empty, besides a shiny, metallic object.
     I hold it up to the light. It’s a key.
     “I wonder where this leads me to?”
     Suddenly, I feel an urge. I rush out of the classroom, and go down the hall. My shoes squeak as I sharply turn.
     “Where is this thing taking me?”
     A few hallways, turns, and near-death collisions later, I’m standing in front of another door.
     My first-grade classroom.
     I approach the blue door and stick the key into the keyhole. I have to jiggle it a bit, but eventually it gets all the way in.
     Click.
     I turn it, and the door opens.
     At that moment, a beep sounds from my nightstand.

[POV: LUKE]

     First there were five.
     Toby, Dean, Peter, Caleb, and I.
     Then Caleb moved away. But then, Ed got here. So now there are five once again.
     Ed’s a nice guy so far; he never fails to make me laugh. Although, he has made some stupid choices already.
     Like telling Grace Flanzo that he had feelings for her.
     “Alright, guys,” says my English teacher, Mr. Grale. “Homework due a week from Monday: Write a poem. Give it meaning; emotion. Make the reader tear up from reading this.
     Ed raises his hand.
     “Yes, Mr. Francis?”
     “Does it have to be any specific type of poem? Am I allowed to write a haiku?”
     “Well, if the haiku has special meaning, then sure.”
     I think long and hard; what am I able to do mine about?
     There’s so many special things in my life. My friends, they’ve always been there for me. My family; they’re really supportive. My dog, who always wags his tail right when I open the door after I get home from school.
     “What are you going to do yours about?” I whisper to Ed.
     “I don’t know yet. I need time to think.”
     “Mr. Grale, can I do mine about the days that we don’t get homework? I love those!” I turn around to see that the question had been asked by Kevin Yank; a brown-haired kid who’s one of many class clowns.
     “Sir, cool joke, but I cannot locate the funny,” I say to him.
     “Aw, shut up, Donahue.”
     “Very comical, Yank. Once again, if that is what’s truly special to you, then you can write your poem about it.”
     I keep this thought in my mind.
     When I get to the cafeteria, I can sense a constant feeling of awkwardness.
     “Okay, guys,” says Toby. “What am I supposed to do now?”
     I look over, across the cafeteria, to Mia Eris’s table. She and her friends are giving us the occasional glance.
     “Shit.” Toby hides his head in his arms and rests them on the table.
     “Hey, man,” I say, trying to give him some encouragement. “It’s not over. Try talking to her-in private.”
     “You’re right, Luke,” he responds, his voice muffled through his arms. “I’m just worried, y’know? What if I messed up?”
     “Look, buddy. You’re fine. Just do this right.”
     Out of nowhere, a loud, collective gasp emits from the room. Chad Jafen is on one knee next to a girl I do not know the name of.
     His cap seems to be pointing back in a perfectly aligned manner.
     Then, he speaks to her.
     “Will you go to the dance with me?”
     “I-is this really happening? Yes, Chad!”
     A loud applause roars through the room. Toby sinks his head even lower into his arms.
     “Toby, relax,” says Dean. “Chad is just being… well… Chad. You know how he is. This dance isn’t even targeted to be romantic or anything; that’s in April. This is just a chill, fun event.”
     “Today, before English,” Toby barely manages to get it out, “I’m going to talk to her. In private.”
     “Yeah, T! Do that!”
     After school, when I’m about to get on my bus, Peter runs up to me.
     “He did it. The madman did it.”
     Later that day, Peter and I begin a video call.
     “Alright, Pete. What exactly happened?”
     “Well…” The compressed sound of his voice makes me anxious. “It actually… went well! From what Toby told me, she said she was quite flattered… and…”
     My jaw drops.
     “Add him to the call, pronto.”
     “You got it, Luke.”
     After a minute, Toby’s face appears on the screen. He’s beaming.
     “I’m so happy, Luke! We’re actually more similar than you thought! Of course, we didn’t talk for a while, but still. She seems really neat.”
     “That’s great to hear, buddy! Talk more to her-and, remember, don’t go too fast.”
     “Of course.”

[POV: TOBY]

     No way.
     No freaking way.
     I’m still thinking about my encounter with Mia the next morning. Luke is waiting for me, as is Ed.
     “Ay, Toby, Luke told me everything! Good job, buddy,” he pats me on the back.
     “I… I just didn’t think this would work. Now, to be fair, she did kind of seem like she’d rather be friends; but that’s perfectly fine.:
     “Shit, dude, you’re like a whole different guy!” Peter remarks. After a hearty laugh from us all, he becomes a bit more serious. “But, actually, that’s the right choice. Proud of you, dude.”
     “Thanks, guys.”
     During history, Ed keeps glancing at me. Smiling.
     “What?”
     “Just proud of you, that’s all.”
     I appreciate his compliment as I think more about this whole situation.
     Before English, I talk to Mia again.
     “Hey, I just want you to know that I feel like the note was coming off a bit strong. I’m sorry.”
     “It’s okay, Toby. You just didn’t know what to do. I don’t know if… I feel that way about you, but you seem cool.”
     “However you feel is fine.” My breathing quickens. Contain yourself. Be happy that she wants to be friends.
     Later on, during the nighttime, I feel overwhelmed with various emotions, Sadness, happiness, relief, and others are absorbing me.
     When I get to sleep tonight, I’m back in front of the first-grade classroom. However, something’s off.
     “Hmm…” I think to myself. “Wait. Where’s the key?”
     I rush back through the dark, dusty hallways. As I do this, I notice various posters on the wall. Then, I begin to notice some art projects.
     There are multiple frames on the wall, each with some marshmallows glued onto them.
     They look like people.
     This seems like a project that a kindergartener would do. Out of curiosity, I check a few of the names.
     Kevin Yank.
     Dean Richard.
     “Wait… These guys are in my grade! They don’t go to this school anymore!”
     Then I remember. This is all in the past; as are young Toby and Bella. I continue on my way to the kindergarten classroom.
     Upon my entrance, I bolt straight to the desk.
     The key isn’t in the drawer. However, a piece of paper is. I can barely read it even with the moonlight, so then I get the genius idea to try a light switch.
     Click.
     The room is flooded with light, and I can begin to see various things on the wall. On a cabinet is a picture of Luke and I, both standing in what appears to be a different classroom, gluing marshmallows to a brown frame.
     On another wall is a different picture centered on Dean and I on the risers in the music room. It appears that we’re attempting to sing in this image.
     I remember why I turned on the lights in the first place, and read the paper. In bad handwriting, only one word is scribbled on; it’s barely legible.

     Stream.

     I leave the classroom and slowly walk down the hallway, cherishing the old days of kindergarten. As I get closer to the front door, the light shining through becomes brighter.
     I’ll be back soon.
     The roads are silent; the trees sway with every occasional gust of wind. I hear my footsteps on the hard sidewalk and feel each step. Looking up into the night sky, the stars illuminate this night. One twinkles.
     I notice more nature come into view as I advance towards the woods; they aren’t that far away from the school. Tall trees loom above me as if to judge my choice.
     This is it.
     I turn off the road into the deep, dark woods. I scan the ground so no stick will catch me by surprise. It’s calmer here than it was out there.
     I hear a trickle of water and notice the stream.
     “Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep…” 

[POV: LUKE]

     “Beautiful piece you’ve got there, Toby.” My friend has just played us a song that he composed himself.
     “Thanks, Luke.”
     “So, Ed…” Dean says. “What’re you going to do tonight?”
     “Honestly, I don’t know. I mean, I guess I’ll dance with her…”
     “Hey,” Toby remarks. “At least Peter won’t be there tonight. That could have made it end badly.”
     “I’m just so nervous, Luke. Like, I probably messed up.”
     I get up from Toby’s chair and go over to his bed, where Ed has already made himself at home.
     “Ed, you’ll be fine. Just dance with her, and that’s that.
     “I guess you’re right…”
     “So, Toby,” I decide to change the topic. “Things are fine between you and Mia?”
     “Surprisingly, uh, yeah! I think I’ll be alright.”
     “And you aren’t going to burst into tears if Bella’s there, right?”
     “What? No! Of course not! Why would I?”
     “That’s what I thought, Plaus.”
     Eventually, Toby’s mom drives us over. As we’re waiting in line to hand in our contracts, I strike up some conversation with Tom Lake.
     “Crowded tonight, isn’t it?”
     “Yeah. Gotta admit though, they’ve deprived us of a good dance for way too long!”
     “Tell that to Toby.”
     We laugh at this.
     “Alright, Ed,” I tell my friend. “Stop shaking so hard, jeez! Yes, she just got here. Don’t make a fool of yourself!” Grace, Bella, and a few of their friends enter the hallway. “You’ll be fine.”
[POV: TOBY]

     “So, Dean,” I say, after we make it into the cafeteria. “Remember when Luke kissed Hannah Powell back in fifth-grade? Yeah, I know, funniest thing I’ve ever seen. Ever. Wait! Look! She’s here!”
     Hannah Powell comes through the same door that we did moments earlier.
     “Hey, Lukey! Look!” Luke then proceeds to punch me. “What? Why? It’s not like you still like her or anything, right?”
     “Well, uh, about that…” I can barely hear him.
     “Oooooh! Are you going to ask her to dance?”
     “Well, we’ve actually been talking a bit… so… maybe?”
     “Hey. Toby!” It’s Mia. “How are you?”
     “Oh, h-hi! I’m doing good, what about you?”
     “This could be better,” she begins to sweat. “So many people! Too many, in fact…”
     Suddenly, the music starts, and everyone begins to move erratically.
     “This looks like a worm farm on LSD.”
     “Agreed.”
     “So, anyway, Mia…” Why am I even trying to do this? “I was wondering, if, uh, later… you wanted to dance… as friends, of course!”
     “Perhaps.” I notice her wink.
     After walking back over to Luke, I feel lightheaded.
     Thonk!
     “Man down! Man down!” Dean rushes over to me. “Toby, are you okay?”
     “Yeah, I’m fine…” I brush myself up and stand back up. “But did I really just fall over?”
     “Aye, captain!” Ed comes over as well.
     “Yo, Toby, what happened?”
     I lean in close to whisper to him.
     “My chance of something happening might not… actually… be so low after all.”
     “Ay!” We high-five. “Good on you, man! You shine bright tonight!”
     Luke takes a knee and lays on the ground.
     “I swear to God, Luke-”
     He wriggles.
     “Don’t you dare.”
     He dares. In fact, he does the worm even more flawlessly than he did almost two full years ago.
     “Ed,” I say. “Are you alright?”
     Ed’s practically spinning in circles.
     “I don’t know man, I don’t know. How do I do this? I’ve never danced with a girl before, how do I do this how do I do this how do I do-”
     “You’ll be fine, buddy.”
     The night goes on.
      “Hey, Toby,” Dean approaches me. “We’re going to get some water. All of us. You in?”
     “Yessir.”
     Luke and Ed are already out there. Ed’s practically crying.
     “Ed!” Luke shakes him. “Contain yourself! You’ll do fine!”
     “But, h-how…”
     “Hey, Ed,” I go up to him. “Let me tell you a story.”
     I tell him all about that dance with Bella, from beginning to end. The challenges and struggles, the obstacles, the doubt. The roadblocks, the denying. But, most importantly, the reward that came with it.
     “Ed, you’ll do great out there.” He wipes his face with his sleeve.
     “That… actually really helps. Thank you, Toby.”
     “Get ‘em, bud.”
     We’re already almost nearing the end of the dance. Ed’s still panicking and we’re all trying to calm him down. Then, out of nowhere, a glimmer of light appears.
     “Hey, Toby,” it’s Mia. “Would you like to dance?”
     A grin fills my face.
     “Sure!”
     This time around, there’s no tears; just pure dancing. A week ago, I would’ve never pictured this happening.
     “Thanks, Mia!”
     “Yeah, no problem! It was fun!”
     As I turn away from her, however, I see Ed.

[POV: ED]

     I wonder how much longer life will pain me as my legs turn to jelly. What am I supposed to do?
     I keep looking at Grace, and she occasionally glances back at me. I feel bad.
     Why can’t I do anything right?
     “Ed,” Luke consoles me. “You’ll do great out there. Just get this done.”
     “You’re right, Luke.”
     Nothing can stop me now. I walk full speed ahead, centered in the direction of Grace. I can do this. I’m Edward Francis.
     “Ed! Wanna dance?” A smile stretches from ear to ear on her face.
     I’m blown away at how straightforward this question is.
     “Uh, yeah! Yeah, let’s do that.”
     At that exact moment, a slow song begins to play. It’s soothing.
     I remember what Toby told me and recreate the posture. However, shortly into our dance, something feels off.
     It seems fake, like she’s trying to set the mood but failing miserably.
     I barely contain myself.
     “See you around, Ed!” Grace calls to me as she’s walking away afterward.
     “Haha, yeah… see you.”
     “Something wrong, Ed?” I turn around to see Bella standing there.
     “Oh, uh, nothing! Just chilling out, you know?”
     “I’ll be honest, Ed. I know this may come as a surprise to you, but- I’d like to dance with you tonight.”
     What the hell?
     “Bella, I am absolutely flattered,” I begin to say. “But I’m going to respectfully decline-I don’t want Toby to see. I hope you can understand.”
     “Oh, uh, yeah. That works, I guess.”
     She walks off.
     I’m such a fucking idiot.

[POV: TOBY]

     Luke is dancing with Hannah Powell.
     Luke is dancing with HANNAH POWELL.
     “Dean! Come look! He does like her!”
     “Toby, let them have their moment.”
     “You’re probably right.” Luke and Hannah are standing off to the side, slow dancing. Luke looks quite happy, and she looks the same.
     Once the dance ends, we’re on our way back to the car.
     “Looks like Luke’s got a crush!” He’s smiling so much that I wonder how his face hasn’t literally fallen off. He looks the happiest I’ve ever seen him.
     “Well, guess the secret’s out, my friend. Yes, I do like her. A lot. Oh yeah, I saw you dancing with Mia. Good job!”
     “I can’t believe I actually did it!” I jump with joy.
     “Guys!” Dean is behind us. “Something’s wrong!”
     As we turn, we’re greeted with Ed standing in the parking lot, crying.
     “It was so awkward! I… I…”
     “Hey, buddy,” Luke goes over to him and puts his hand on his shoulder. “Let’s talk about this. After all, we’ve still got the sleepover.”
     Ed trembles and slowly nods.
     We continue the journey to my mom’s car.

[POV: LUKE]

  “Hey, yo, I’m in Toby’s bathroom,” I say to Hannah whilst on a call with her. “I’ve snuck in here. Tonight was amazing.”
     “I’m just so happy it worked out!” she responds, looking cute as usual.
     “Haha, yeah, you should’ve seen the guys’ faces! It was a total shocker to them!”
     “I had already told my friends what was going on, so no real surprise there.”
     “All they knew about was fifth-grade. They had no idea that we were talking!”
     “Luke, you’re still coming over on Sunday, right?”
     “Of course! Of course!”
     “Luke! You’ve been in there for like, 10 minutes!” I hear Toby bang on the door.
     “Looks like I’ve got to go. I love you, Hannah.”
     “I love you too, Lukey.” I hang up.
     “Who were you talking to, Luke?” Dean asks. They had all been waiting outside.
     They heard everything.
     “Uh, nobody!”
     “It was Hannah, wasn’t it?” He lets out a sly grin. “Look, Luke, I’ve talked to Toby about this. We aren’t going to laugh about it; in fact, we’re going to honor you for getting a girl!”
     “Oh… Well, in that case, it was Hannah!”
     “Hey, Ed,” Toby says as we’re walking back to his room. “I know what’ll cheer you up. C’mon, we’re building a fort.”
     “It’s just like the stream, Toby!”
     “Okay, actually, we’re going to build two forts. Since Luke and I…” I stand up pridely as he speaks, “are the master builders, you two will be under our rule. Luke, I’ll let you choose your partner.”
     “Alright, Toby. Hm, you both seem like you’d be fine at this…” I eye Ed, who’s still flushed, “But I’m going to go with Ed. Toby, you’ve got Dean.”
     “Let the building commence.” He stops for a moment. “Actually, I should probably ask my mom if we have any pillows or blankets.” He runs out into the hall.
     “So, Ed,” I say. “What happened?”
     “Well… Basically, I danced with Grace, and it was really awkward. Then, Bella… she wanted to dance… but… I said no because of Toby.”
     “Ah, I see. Now, did you feel bad for her, or did you actually want to dance with her yourself?” Ed doesn’t respond; instead, he looks at the floor. “Ah, I see. Well, don’t worry, buddy, we’re going to build the best fort.”
     “Do you mean it?”
     “Of course! Toby can’t build anything to save his life.”
     “What is that I hear?” Toby walks back into the room with a stack of blankets and pillows. “Don’t trash talk me now, Luke.”
     “It’s just some fair competition, Toby. That’s all.”
     “Alright, you guys get your stuff, we have ours.”
     We begin to build.
     “Should we do the classic ‘blanket suspended by two stacks of pillows’? Or something else?”
     “What if we had a second blanket thrown on top? Like, to cover the entrance?”
     “I like your way of thinking, Ed!”
     At first, the weight of the top blanket collapses the fort. However, we’re able to trap the blanket underneath both stacks of pillows, and so the plan works. Once we’re inside, I speak again.
     “They’ve got nothing on us, Ed. Nothing.”
     I can hear Toby and Dean discussing their fort.
     “...bottom floor…”
     “Wait…” I say. “Do you hear that? Bottom floor? What?”
     I stick my head outside to see that they’ve made use of Toby’s bed.
     “Hey! That’s cheating!”
     “No it’s not, Luke,” Toby turns around. “It’s simply taking advantage of what we’re allowed.” I can see a blanket draping over the side of the bed, blocking access underneath. Additionally, they’ve done a similar design to ours on the top by having a stack of pillows by the foot of the bed, and having a blanket reach all the way to behind the head, where they’ve set up an additional pillow to trap it.
     “Hey, guys, check it out!” Dean crawls out from under. We go to investigate.
     “Dean,” says Ed. “This isn’t a fort. You’ve just added a blanket onto Toby’s bed. This isn’t fair.”
     “Fine. If this doesn’t qualify, then check out the top part.”
     Due to the mattress below us, the top floor of the fort is a lot easier to sit on. It has about twice the amount of space as ours.
     “Okay, you win, we get it. But technically, we only used the materials we were given, so…”
     “Whatever, Luke.”
     I ignore his attitude and get back into my fort. Ed’s there, waiting.
     “Luke,” he whispers. “There’s something I have to tell you.”
     “What is it, bud?”
     “I… I…”
     “Let’s do some truth or dare!” I hear Toby shout. “Peter’s modified version!”
     “No dares, Toby,” says Dean.
     “Fine. Since Mr. Richard here is such a baby, guess it’s only going to be truths this time around!”
     “Alright, then, Toby,” I say. “I’ll start. Truth or… truth?”
     “Truth,” says Toby.
     “Okay, Hmm…” I think about the possibilities. “Okay, I know how Pete’s rules are, but this one’s just directed towards Toby. Toby, which one of your friends do you value the most?”
     “I value you and respect you all the same,” he says. Now, it’s his turn.
     “Alright, fellas, who do you like?”
     “Toby, you dumbass,” I poke my head out again to glare at him. “You know I like Hannah.
     “Actually,” says Dean, “I don’t like anyone. I know, I know, anticlimactic, but… nobody.”
     “Alright, then. Ed, what about you? Because of everything with Grace and how you don’t actually like her.”
     “Well,” I can hear Ed’s voice crack. “Can I just, uh, tell Luke?”
     “Fine.”
     I allow Ed to approach me.
     “Bella.” He says it in a quiet whisper.
      “I see.” I’m not that surprised, due to the events from earlier. “Your secret is safe, don’t worry.”
     “Thanks, Luke.”
     The next day, I think about what to do for my poem. Then an idea comes to mind.
     I write my thoughts as soon as they come to my head. Finally, I write the name of the poem at the top of the paper.
     “Ed”.
     My phone rings.
     “Hey, Hannah!” I say, picking it up. “Ready for tomorrow?”
     “I can’t wait! There’s this place I want to show you. It’s somewhere really special to me.”
     “Sounds good!”
     That day passes, and, on Sunday, Hannah and I are in her living room. Her light brown hair waves with every gust that blows through the window, majestically. I decide to make conversation.
     “That was some dance, huh?”
     “Luke, that might honestly be one of the best experiences of my entire life. I’ll cherish it forever.” I’m taken aback by this.
     “Hannah… me too. I love you.”
     We both stand up and go in for a hug. Afterwards, she grabs my hand.
     “Now, I need to show you this place.”
     We go outside.
     She leads me through a familiar road. I recognize the path she’s taking.
     We take a cut into some trees. Just like I had a few years ago.
     I hear the trickling of water.
     “This stream… it always helps calm me.”
     “Wait, Hannah. I… hold on. Stay here.”
     I run down the stream for a moment, and, sure enough, the structures are there.
     “My friends and I actually used to go here too! Guess there’s something… special about it? I bet it’s a sign that we’re meant for each other!”
     “Whoa!” I see her eyes light up with delight. “We should give it a name! That is, if there isn’t already one,” she adds, quickly.
     “I don’t think there is.” I think about what a good name would be. “Well, I think it appears that we both have very fond memories here. How about… “Faith Creek”?
     “I love it, Lukey!” Her smile seems to grow. “So… charming.”
     “I remember coming here with Peter, Toby, and Caleb Hartrov; well, when he still lived in Yopton. We wanted to build a city by the stream.” I let out a laugh while remembering the old times. “Those were the good days.”
     “I used to just come here to get away from drama,” she says. “Here, it’s tranquil. Nobody is here to judge me.”
     “We can all use a little space sometimes, I do agree.”
     After staying at Faith Creek for a minute, my mind drifts off.
     The sounds of laughter ensue when Toby steps in by accident.
     “Haha, getting your feet wet, amirite, guys? Hey, Toby, don’t worry, it’ll dry. Eventually.” I let out another giggle and look over at the others. Peter and Caleb, however, aren’t laughing anymore.
     “What is it, guys?” I inquire. Peter tears up.
     “Well,” says Caleb. “There’s something I have to tell you. I’m moving to Florida.”
     Toby seems to have overheard this, and I can see him freeze.
     “Dude, you’re joking. You have to be.”
     “Unfortunately, not.”
     Another memory comes to mind: the farewell party we had.
     “Peter,” I go over to my friend, who’s crying. “This is a party. Make some good memories here to look back on fondly.” I see him sniffle a few times, then he lifts his head up.
     “You’re right, Luke.” He stands up and we walk over to the others.
     “I didn’t really want to invite a lot of people,” he tells me. “Only you, Peter, Dean, Toby, and Tom. You guys are my best friends.”
     At some point, a bouncy house is brought out. Tom Lake does a few impressive flips.
     “All skill, boys.”
     We have a blast in those last few hours we spend with him. But, alas, all good things must come to an end.
     The next day, Peter, Toby and I go over to his house personally. There’s a large, white truck on the street.
     “Hey, guys,” he says, and lights up. “Thanks for showing up. Tom and Dean were here about an hour ago, and they said their farewells. I’m so glad you came to see me one last time before I…”
     “We’re going to miss you, buddy,” says Toby. “We had some amazing memories.” He gives him a pat on the back and they talk in private for a moment. Afterward, Toby comes back over to me, and I go to Caleb.
     “Luke, you’re possibly the smartest and kindest person I’ve ever met. I really appreciate having been your friend throughout the years.” We talk about some of the old memories we’ve experienced together, and, I too, give him a pat on the back. “We’ll miss you. Good luck in Florida, and don’t get eaten by an alligator!” I go back to where Toby is standing. Finally, Peter approaches Caleb. They talk for a while. At least twice the amount of time that Toby and I did combined.
     Then, something happens.
     Something that, even to this day, I’ve never experienced again.
     A side of Peter that I haven’t seen before this moment.
     Caleb pulls him in for a hug, and I see them both bawling their eyes out, their faces red. This, too, lasts for a few minutes. Afterward, he and Peter shake hands, and Peter comes back to us.
     We had gotten there just in time, because, around 10 minutes later, everything’s loaded into the truck. Caleb’s mom calls him to the car, and so he runs in that direction. But he looks back at us one last time.
     “He… was my best friend…” Peter begins to cry again.
     “Hey, buddy, it’ll be alright.” I pull him in for a hug, just as Caleb had earlier.
     “Don’t worry, Peter,” says Toby. “He’ll always be with us. Just remember the good times.”
     “Luke? Lukey, are you okay?”
     Hannah has her hand on my shoulder. I feel tears rolling down my face.
     “Y...yeah, I’m fine. Thank you.”
     “We should probably go. We can come back here another day.”:
     I nod and follow Hannah out of the woods.

[POV: TOBY]

     The rest of September flies by quickly.
     One day, in homeroom, Ed looks like he’s in a bad mood.
     “Toby… I’m still thinking about that dance.”
     “It’s not a big deal, man. Don’t worry.” Dean steps into our conversation.
     “No, Toby. There’s more to it than just that.” He goes closer to Ed.
     This thought stays in my mind.
     “So, Peter,” says Luke, while we’re eating lunch. “Feeling better yet?”
     “Yeah, I think. I’m sorry I got so mad, Ed. It wasn’t right of me. Grace isn’t just ‘up for grabs’ or anything.” He looks up at Ed.
     “It’s alright, Peter.”
     Before English, Mia approaches me.
     “Hey, Toby! I was just… wondering… if… I could have your number?”
     WHAT?
     “Yeah, uh, sure,” I laugh nervously and tell it to her.
     “Thanks.”
     “Ooh,” Peter whispers when I’ve sat down. “Toby has a girlfriend!”
     “Pete, we’re just friends. Even if I like her, that doesn’t mean we’re dating.”
     He doesn’t let me hear the end of it.
     Eventually, when I’m home, I knock on my brother’s door.
     “Yes, Toby?”
     “Carter, I need to tell you about something. About someone.”
     He lets me in and I dive to his chair.
     “So, Toby, what’s your matter of discussion this time?”
     “Well…” I tell him about Mia. About the beginning, about how we talked, how we danced, and how I gave her my number. His eyes gradually widen,
     “Wow, look at you, Toby! You’re like a little ladies’ man!”
     “Heh… guess so.”
     “Your best bet,” he begins, “is to just keep growing your friendship. Keep talking. Find more common interests. Congrats, though.”
     Later on, I have a chat with Luke.
     “So…” I say to him. “How are things going with her? With Hannah? You two seem like you work well together.”
     “Well, a couple of weeks ago, when I went over her house… we… well… Toby, remember the stream?”
     “Of course I know the stream, Luke! I went there with Dean just last month!” I say, confidently.
     “Well, first off, it’s apparently an important place to her childhood, as well. Second of all, we’ve named it ‘Faith Creek’.” I think about this name. It has a good vibe to it. “And… finally… I looked into the stream.”
     “I remember looking in as well. I vividly remembered when we first found it.”
     “Anyway… when I was looking into it… I… well…” I hear a sniff. “Toby… remember that farewell party we had for Caleb?”
     “Very clearly,” I respond. It had been the last big event that we experienced with our buddy.
     “And… remember right before they left, and we went over his house? And… Peter…” he stops for a moment. “I… had never realized that Peter was so soft before then. But, I saw those memories in the water.”
     “I remember that. It was a bittersweet ending.”
     “Do you want to go back there? To Faith Creek? Finish what we started?” I think about this for a moment.
     “Yes. That would be amazing.”
     That night, I appear where I had left off before: at Faith Creek. The water has a spectral, green glow to it.
     I kneel down onto the ground and look close at it, running my fingers through the water. No sounds can be heard besides the water or the occasional cricket.
     So peaceful.
     I get up and walk downstream, observing the creek as it flows lightly. I can still see the stars above me, although they’re partly obscured by the leaves of the trees.
     I notice what appears to be a wooden box. However, upon closer inspection, I’m able to recognize it as Peter’s structure. I look onto the other side, and, sure enough, Caleb’s is nearby.
     Peter. He’s always hid his emotions, and I never knew why. I’ve never seen him as emotional as he was when Caleb moved. The two were best friends from the start. While we had always been close, Peter and Caleb seemed to have some sort of special bond between them. Sure, Peter was always a bit of a knucklehead, but he was… different before Caleb moved.
     Peter, being the show-off that he is, had even built a mail slot on his structure. He was the only one who had actually finished his in time; Luke and I had stopped after Caleb moved.
     I decide to put my hand in the mail slot, and, surprisingly, there’s something in there.
     A letter.
     I have to read it close to the glowing water just so I can even see it.

     Peter,
     I know this will be tough for you; it will be for me as well. You’ve always been my best friend; sure, maybe you weren’t always as smart as Luke, or as funny as Toby, or as… Dean... as Dean, but you had passion. You had dedication. When you made a mistake, you, and ONLY you, fixed it.
     We’ve had so many great memories over the years, and there’s nothing I would ever be willing to trade them for. You’re the one who’s made me the way I am; you gave me confidence. You’ll always be my best friend, Pete. I’ll miss you a ton in Florida.

Your pal.
Caleb.

     As I go to put the letter back in the slot, however, there’s another one inside. I put it by the river just like I had done with the other one, and read what it says.

First-grade.
  [POV: LUKE]

     “So,” I say as Toby, Peter and I enter the woods. “We should finish what we’ve started.”
     “Er, Luke?” Peter questions this. “These have been here for… well, a few years now. Do you think they’ll still be intact?”
     “Sure,” I say. I keep this mindset until I see Toby’s.
     “Wait,” he stops me. “How did I not realize this? This is what I saw with Dean last month!”
     “Well,” I go around it. “It definitely looks a bit beat-up, to say the least. However, it can still be saved.”
     “Let’s check yours out, Luke,” says Toby. “I want to see it.”
     “Alrighty.”
     We head a bit down the stream, and there, in all its glory, is my structure. This one is a bit larger than Toby’s, yet it’s just as rotted and mangled.
     Suddenly, Toby perks up.
     “Hey, Pete, let’s check out yours and Caleb’s!” I see him suddenly lose his excitement.
     “I mean, I guess.”
     We hop to the other side of the creek and make our way upstream to Caleb’s building. It, like mine and Toby’s, was never finished; due to it never being polished and cleaned, the wood on this one is extremely rotten, and some moss is growing out of it.
     At this point, it’s clear that we’d have to start from scratch if we wanted to do this again.
     “Pete,” I say, “let’s check out yours. You actually finished your building, right?”
     “Yep. Let’s go.”
     Peter’s structure is only a short distance away from Caleb’s. While it’s also not in perfect condition, it does look somewhat salvageable. He was even able to put a door in his!
     “Hey, Peter,” I say, jokingly. “Let’s check your mail.” For some reason, he had added a mail slot onto it.
     “Uh,” he freezes. “How about we don’t do that?”
     “C’mon! Unless you want to avoid paying those bills that you were probably sent.”
     “Fine,” he reluctantly agrees, and opens the flap. To my surprise, he pulls out 3 papers.
     “They’re… letters from Caleb. From before he left, he snuck them in there to tell me everything was going to be alright.” Suddenly, one of the papers falls from his hands. Toby bends over to pick it up, but, instead of handing it over, he keeps it.
     “Hey, this looks neat!” Toby begins to read it.
     “Shit. Fuck. Fuck!” Peter snatches the paper out of Toby’s grasp and runs off down the stream.
     “Pete! Come back! Toby, let’s go.” We begin sprinting after him. “Peter, why are you running away?”
     “Leave me alone!” His scream echoes throughout the woods.
     “Peter, you can’t just keep running! Do you want to talk about it?”
     “Yeah!” Toby calls from next to me. “It’ll be okay, Pete!”
     “I said, leave me alone!” He accelerates.
     “What’s happening to him?”
     “I don’t know, Luke. It must’ve been something secretive. Do you think he’s just upset that you read the letter? Or does thinking about Caleb just hurt him that badly?”
     “I mean, they were best friends. Just the thought of their interactions might hurt him.”
     “Do you think he’ll get lost out there?” Toby sounds concerned.
     “He won’t be able to run forever. I think he’s just… offended, in a way.” We slow our pace. “Just keep walking.”
     As I predicted, a few minutes later, we see him walk back.
     “Peter, I’m… sorry. It must’ve been really hard when he left.”
     “Luke… I feel like I’ve been a douchebag over these past few years.” I sigh.
     “Listen, Pete, you shouldn’t feel like you have to bottle up your emotions like this. Don’t feel pressured to talk to someone if you’re ever feeling… well, down.” He looks up at me, and for the first time in years, I see him genuinely smile.
     “Luke, I… I…”
     “Peter,” says Toby. “I’ll be honest; we all knew you had emotion deep down. It’s okay to talk about it.”
     Tears rapidly roll down his face and he starts emphasizing how much he misses Caleb.
     “I… I…” 
     “It’ll be okay, buddy,” I pull him in for a hug. “There, there. Let it all out.”
     “Luke… after how I’ve acted for all this time, after all these years of being a jerk, of trying to act cool, you still accept me? Why?”
     I let go of the hug and look him in the eyes.
     “Because, like Toby said,” I tell him. “Deep down, you’re a good guy. Now, let’s go.”
     We exit the woods while reminiscing over memories with Caleb.

[POV: ED]

     I pull out the folded paper from my pocket once again. It becomes harder and harder to read each time.

     Ed,
     I know we don’t know each other that well yet; after all, besides some talk at lunch and the occasional word in math class or the hallway, we haven’t talked a lot.
     You seem like a really nice guy, though. You’ve just moved here, but people are already liking you! When I first saw you, I KNEW that you were the one.
     Yes, I do have a crush on you. You’re really sweet, and whenever we (occasionally) talk, it brings me the greatest joy. You’re also kind of handsome, too.

Sincerely,
Grace

     I walk into a bathroom and look at myself in the mirror. My dark hair is messy, my brown eyes are devoid of any energy, and I haven’t shaved in a week. Plus, being the slightest bit overweight doesn’t help me that much.
     Sure, I’d consider myself a nice enough guy, but not handsome. Grace must’ve been lying in that letter, or severely exaggerating.
     This isn’t genuine at all, is it?
     I walk back into the hall, and, after turning into the main lobby, Luke is leaned against a wall.
     “So, Edward, how are things?”
     “Not the best. Have you seen Grace at all today?”
     He slowly forwards away from the wall and comes closer.
     “Sorry to hear that. And, no, why?” I look up at him, and his face shows that he can sense the misery in my eyes.
     “I keep thinking about this all. I haven’t told her my real feelings yet, and it feels like it gets worse by the day. It’s like I’m dragging her on, and so when I eventually fess up, she’ll feel offended.”
     “Listen, Ed. Tell her the truth. Hey, Toby’s here. Let’s ask him. Actually,” Luke looks both ways, then back at me again, “Toby might not have the best judgement for this. My point is, you have to come clean, Ed.” Toby notices us from the hallway and comes running towards our direction. “Oh, okay, he’s here. Whatever, let’s ask him. Toby!” Luke waves his hand. “Ed needs to ask you something.”
     “Sure,” he says, slowing down. “What is it?”
     “How do I tell Grace my true feelings?” I see him think for a moment.
     “Well, just, I guess, tell her? Don’t hold it off; she deserves to know. She might be sad for a bit, but you also deserve to have a choice in your love life.”
     “You’re right, Toby,” I say, and take guard. “But, where is she?”
     “Uh, right behind you.” I turn around and see Grace standing there, with tears in her eyes.
     How loud had I been?
     “Yeah, uh, Ed,” says Luke. “You two deserve your privacy. Let’s go, Toby.” They walk a few yards away.
     “Listen,” I tell her. “I… I’m sorry, Grace. I thought… I thought I felt the same. I…”
     “Whatever, Ed! You’re an asshole!” She storms off, and I proceed to slide down the wall until I’m sitting on the floor.
     “What just happened?” Luke runs back over.
     “She… she didn’t even let me explain. She just called me an asshole, and… and…”
     “Well, Ed, I’ll tell you something. You’re actually not an asshole.” Luke grabs my arm and pulls me back up. “I mean, don’t get me wrong, I can see why she might be upset. But… never even giving you a chance to say anything?”
     Suddenly, she rushes back over and slaps me in the face.
     Or she would’ve, if Bella didn’t stop her.
     “Whoa!” She’s grasped Grace’s wrist. “What’s going on here?” I explain the story.
     “Grace…” says Bella. “That’s assault. Assault. Be mature about this.” She drags Grace, who’s still crying, away from us.
     “Man…” I say to Luke. “She’s so nice… why would Toby call her a bitch?”
     “It’s his denial, Ed. He doesn’t want to believe he’s a bad guy; which, of course, he’s not. It’s a common thing; especially considering that they had been friends for five years and he had liked her for four.”
     “But, if things had gone as you said they did, why… why would she hate him so much?”
     “I think it’s kind of similar on her part. She wanted to forget about their relationship in seventh-grade, and, in doing so, antagonized him entirely. Basically, both of their mindsets ruined their friendship entirely.” What a sad story.
     “So…” I begin. “What do you think will happen with me and Grace?”
     “Well, if you seek her friendship again, you’ll have to give her time. Although, after she almost slapped you, would you really WANT to be friends with her again?”
     “Luke,” I breathe. “I know that was uncalled for, but it must’ve hit her hard. I might try to talk things out with her eventually.
     Later on, I notice the poem on my desk. Luke had written it for Mr. Grale’s assignment, and printed me a copy as well. I, on the other hand, did mine about friendship in general; nobody specific.

     Ed.
     What a good friend. Ed.
     Sure, he may not be perfect, but he tries his best.
     He wants everyone to be happy, and for that, I respect him.
     Ed.

     Sure, it might not rhyme, and it’s a bit short. But the fact that Luke wrote this for me makes me feel honored.
     That night, I think about my friends. Toby; he can relate the most to me. Luke; he always knows what’s up. Sure, I may not know Dean or Peter as well, but they’re still fun to hang around. I’m getting to know other people as well, such as Thomas Lake. I feel like I’m already fitting in.
[POV: TOBY]

     The stream runs steadily as seventh-grade me looks Bella in the eyes. They’re rather sparkly.
     “Toby, this place is beautiful.” She looks down at her reflection in the water. “When did you say you guys found this place again?”
     “Fifth-grade. Although, we haven’t been here since last year… specifically after Caleb moved. Though, Luke and I have come back a few times on our own. Peter won’t even go near this stream.”
     “I see,” she says and looks back at me. Suddenly, she freezes, and I see a huge smile form on her face.
     “What?”
     “Toby… there’s something I need to tell you.” She holds my left hand in her right hand.
     I feel my face heat up.
     “I… I have to tell you something as well, Bella. About a year after we met, sometime in third-grade, I began to have a crush on you. You’re so genuine and easy to talk to; you’re always so caring and you never fail to make me laugh. Of course, you’re also really pretty as well.” I quickly look at the ground. I actually said it.
     “Toby… I was going to say the same thing.” I feel the corners of my mouth become sore as they’re lifted up by my sheer excitement.
     “R… really? You’re serious, Bella? I’m so happy!”
     “Yes! I really mean it!” We hug, and, whilst doing so, I trip over a stick and we go tumbling down.
     Sploosh.
     We exit the stream laughing and crying with joy/
     After all, why be sad in a moment like this?
     “So, uh, Bella…” I scratch the back of my neck.
     “Yes, Toby?” Her smile brightens even more.
     “I was wondering if… if you’d like to go up town with me sometime. Y’know, to hang out, maybe grab a bite to eat…”
     “Toby, we always do that, though. Based on what you just said, this leads me to the conclusion that… that…” I see her stop to think. “Does this mean that you’re asking me… on a date?”
     “...Maybe?”
     “Oh, Toby! Yes! Of course!” Once again, she reaches out and wraps her arms around me.
     I think I’m in love…
     Next thing I know, I’m on the ground. Bella’s crying above me.
     “Toby! Are you alright? Oh my God! Toby, speak to me!”
     “What… happened?” I sit up, rubbing the back of my head.
     Feels sore.
     Then I remember the previous events.
     “Y… you fainted.” She wipes the tears off of her still-flushed face. “W… were you that happy? So happy that you fainted?”
     I smile again.
     “Perhaps.”

[POV: DEAN]

     Toby’s dad pulls up to my house.
     “Alright, Mom, I’m going now!”
     “Bye, Dean! Have a good time!” I shut the door behind me and walk up the brick path.
     “Happy birthday, Toby!” I say as I enter the car and give him the present. We’re sitting in the middle aisle, meaning that Luke, Peter, and Ed will sit in the back.
     “So, Dean,” says Mr. Plaus as we drive away from the house. “How’s school going?”
     “Good! I’m doing all honors classes.”
     “Really? That’s great! Toby, which are you doing again?”
     “Math and biology.” He turns toward me. “I’ve heard that this place has a zipline.”
     “Oh,” says Mr. Plaus. “I researched it. There’s foam pits, trampolines, a whole play area; I can tell that you boys are going to love it.”
     We arrive at Ed’s house next.
     “Heya, Ed,” says Toby. “How are things?”
     “Could be better.” Ed sits down and tilts his head up. “I still feel bad about what happened with Grace.”
     “Hey,” Toby responds to him in a stern tone. “Don’t feel bad; she’s not entitled to your feelings.
     After Toby and Ed talk for a bit longer, we pull up in front of Luke’s house.
     He exits his house and runs up his path to the car.
     “Happy birthday, T.” He hands him the present and climbs into the back.
     “Guys, guys,” Luke whispers. “You’ll never believe what happened.”
     “What?” Ed asks from the other side.
     “Hannah asked me to the dance in April. I didn’t even ask her, she asked ME!”
     “Luke, you’re turning into a bit of a gentleman, aren’t you?” Toby’s dad asks from the front.
     We all proceed to laugh.
     Finally, we arrive at Peter’s house. It’s small and brown, and looks a little beaten up. After a minute or so, he, too, leaves his house and runs up to the car.
     “Happy birthday, brother.”
     “Peter, your eye…” I look behind me and notice that it’s bruised. “You have a black eye. What happened?”
     “Ah, I, uh, fell down the stairs.” He musters out a small smile
     “Happens to the best of us.”
     We forget about his eye as Mr. Plaus continues driving.
     “I’ve actually been to this place before,” says Luke, excitedly. “It’s really fun.”
     “I bet it is,” says Toby.
     After around half an hour of talking, laughing, and more driving, we pull into the parking lot.

     Cloud Corridor. The letters on the front of the beige building illuminate brightly.

     “It’s really cool,” Luke is practically jumping up and down at this point. “I went here with Hannah once last year.”
     “Alright, boys, settle down.” Toby’s dad straightens his glasses and we follow him inside. However, he stops for a moment outside the door. “Also, you guys all have rides home, right?” We all proceed to nod.
     It’s spacious inside, and I can already see people bouncing up and down in the distance.
     Toby’s dad pays and we get our socks. After changing nearby and putting our shoes on the rack, we observe the interior.
     Everything that’s a color besides black is glowing dimly; which means almost everything. I notice the trampoline area on the left, and a tall structure in the middle. Then, I notice that, to the right, there’s a foam pit.
     “Look on top!” Luke yells. I observe the structure and notice a second, thinner one next to it. On top of that, I see the start of the zipline.. “Alright, we have to try that later.”
     “You mean that you are,” says Ed. “I’m not going near that thing! I’m afraid of heights.”
     “Suit yourself.”
     We head over to the trampolines on the left and all jump on seperate ones close to each other.
     “So,” I say as I bounce in rhythm with the others. “I might try the zipline later.”
     “Wow, look at Mr. Cool over here,” says Toby. “Yeah, I’ll admit defeat. I’m not going on that.”
     “Y’know what,” Peter adds. “I’ll give it a shot.”
     “Alright!” Luke is pumped. “That’s the spirit.”
     I begin to bounce from trampoline to trampoline, and, by timing my jumps, am able to go really high and take advantage of my momentum.
     “I see why they call it ‘Cloud Corridor’!” I shout over the music to Ed, who’s a few trampolines away.
     “Alright, boys,” Toby lessens his bounce. “Anyone wanna go over to the foam pit?”
     “Yeah, sure,” we all agree and stop our bounce, then make our way across the floor to the other side.
     Most of us skid, except Luke.
     He slides.
     “Damn it, Luke,” Peter begins to laugh. “Even here, you’re showing your skills.”
     “It’s what I do, man.” At this point, Toby and Ed are already waiting at the pit.
     There’s a rope in the middle which hangs from the ceiling. The pit itself is massive; many times larger than any foam pit I’ve ever seen.
     “Alright,” Toby says. “I’m not going on the zipline, but I’ll give this thing a try.”
     He slowly but surely makes his way through the foam cubes to the rope and grabs on.
     We all cheer as he’s surprisingly able to scale about half of the rope.
     Suddenly, he falls off and I watch him plummet back into the foam.
     He emerges, laughing.
     “I would’ve gotten blisters if I had scaled any higher. Alright, guys, to that tall… what do even call it? A building? Structure?”
     “Structure,” says Luke.
     It’s massive as it stands in the middle. It’s like something from recess, except stacked multiple times in every direction.
     “Let’s make it to the top,” I say.
     Climbing up this thing is no easy feat. One by one, we go up the various staircases, climb through the various tubes, and jump on the various platforms to get to the next section.
     “How many floors is this thing?” Peter’s practically sweating. “We look so high up from here.”
     I peer out of the side and only now fully realize how much we’ve scaled this structure. It’s only been a few minutes so far.
     “I have no idea,” Luke responds. “Better keep climbing, I guess.”
     At one point, there’s a slide to the left. As we’re crawling by, Ed accidentally knocks Toby into it from his side.
     I, being in the back, am able to lag behind a bit. I watch him go tumbling down to the bottom. The last thing I hear is a shout from the base.
     “You asshole!”
     We continue our trek.
      “Finally,” Luke says after a moment. “The top.” We’re able to climb up a ramp to the roof of the structure, and see the whole room.
     “Guys,” Ed turns white. “I can’t find Toby down there.”
     “Oh no,” Luke raises his guard. “Alright! Francis, you get that side,” he points to one of the sides. “Richard, you get this side,” he points to the opposite side. “This thing’s basically almost at the wall, so we don’t need anyone at the back. Brolde, you have the front. I’ll wait by the roof entrance.”
     I begin to watch down from my side. However, just as we had suspected, Toby was somewhere in the structure; he had to be, because nobody could find him down below.
     “Ed, he might kill you or somethin’, just warning you,” Peter searches harder. “Yep, he’s got to be in here.”
     A moment later, our suspicions are confirmed when we hear his voice.
     “Ed, I’m gonna-”
     He basically leaps up onto the roof. Luke has no time to react.
     “I’ll kill you some other time. Not up here, though; too dangerous. Hey, look over there!”
     We look at the second structure nearby and see a kid strap onto the zipline. He goes speeding down around the whole room and eventually stops at the bottom.
     “Actually,” I say. “I think I’m going to pass.”
     We all descend the structure; it’s somewhat awkward due to us having to go down the platforms that were once a struggle to ascend.
     Luke and Peter enter the second structure while Toby, Ed and I wait at the bottom. After a couple of minutes, they come back into view at the top.
     “Yeah, I wouldn’t ever do that,” says Toby. “I’m afraid of everything, and heights aren’t an exception.”
     “Same,” Ed agrees.
     “I just saw how high up we were,” I say to them. “Not taking any chances.”
     Eventually, they make it to the front of the line. Luke, being the most confident, goes before Peter.
     “He’s being strapped in,” I say to them. Some seconds later, he is released.
     The zipline zips down. When I look up at him, there’s no fear in his eyes; only pure happiness.
     Afterward, he continues to wait at the bottom for Peter, who’s also just been released. He looks a bit more scared, but, still, not too frightened.
     “It was easy,” Luke says as Peter follows. “Wait, what time is it?”
     I check my watch.
     “Yeah, we have 7 minutes left.”
     We all walk back over to the trampoline area and jump our last few moments away. Afterward, we run back over to the shoe rack at the front and put them on.
     “Have a good time, Dean?” My mother is waiting nearby.
     “It was really fun. See you, guys. Happy birthday again, Toby.”
     “Bye, Dean!”

[POV: PETER]

     “Thanks for offering to drive,” I say to Xavier as he backs the car out of the parking lot.
     “No problem. Yeah, Dad’s at work. He’s had to do a lot recently.”
     After a moment of awkward silence, I tell him everything that we did today.
     “Sounds like you had a good time, Pete.”
‘    “It was really fun.”
     As I stare into the empty highway, I think about life. Sixth-grade was the worst year I’ve ever had; sure, it started fine. We found the stream, which was cool. But I wasn’t prepared for middle school; everyone seemed to be against me except for my friend group. But then, Caleb moved away.
     Caleb had always been my best friend from birth. Nowadays, it would probably be Luke or Toby, but back then it was him by far.
     I had known him longer than the others, for a start. While Luke has probably always been the kindest friend I have, Caleb and I understood each other. We were close. We were close.
     More than just close, in fact. We were… well… super close. Yet, we had been even more than that…”
     The last few days before he moved were the hardest. But, with Luke’s support, I could get through them.
     His moving day was really sad.
     But, even more depressing than that, sixth-grade was when my parents got divorced. It hit us hard; especially my father.
     We used to be one big happy family. But now… things are different.
     In middle school, I was always an asshole. Those two events got to me. They got to me.
     “Welp,” Xavier says when we pull into the driveway. “He’s still at work. Well, Pete, we’re home.”
     I exit the car and walk inside.
     My room, as it usually is, is messy. I’m not the most organized person.
     All of that movement, the jumping, the climbing, and the thrill of going down a zipline made me surprisingly tired. So, I decide to take a nap.
     I awake abruptly to hear the closing of a door. Dad’s home.
     I hear crying from my kitchen and choose to ignore it for a moment.
     Then it gets louder.
     “W… what happened?” He’s sitting at the table with his head down.
     “Oh, sorry, Peter. I should’ve been quieter.” He brings his head up and i can see that his face is still red. “It’s just… things have been hard, recently, that’s all. Wait, what happened to your eye?”
     I quickly cover my right eye with my hand.
     “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
     “Peter, your eye!”
     I reluctantly bring my arm down.
     “I… I got in a fight.”
     “Peter, you know you shouldn’t be doing those types of things! Plus, if you got beat up, well, we wouldn’t be able to… afford it… Not that you aren’t a strong young man! But, you shouldn’t risk it…” 
     “I’m sorry, Dad. I won’t fight ever again.”
     He leans in for a hug.
     “I… I don’t want to lose you, son. I’ve already lost so much. I have to work multiple jobs, so I expect you at the very least to stay out of trouble.”
     “I understand, Dad. I promise.”
     From now on, I’m going to be useful.

[POV: LUKE]

     “Lukas!” My mother calls from downstairs. “Can you come down for a second?”
     “Sure, Mom! One sec!” I turn off my computer and monitor, get up from my chair, and take one look outside my window at the outside world. I exit my room, closing the door on the way out.
     I practically glide down the railing as I go down the stairs. My mother waits for me in the kitchen. On our polished granite countertop, there’s a plate covered in foil.
     “Luke, I baked these cookies,” she says, motioning towards the plate on the counter. “Could you bring these over to the Brolde’s house? They’re going through some tough times right now, and I think they’d really appreciate this.”
     I grab the plate with both hands and go on my way.
     Peter only lives a few streets away from me; not that far. Outside, the sun shines down. However, despite this, I feel a little chilly.
     I should’ve worn a coat.
     The street’s oddly empty at this moment. Leaves have begun to fall, and the trees are now shades of crimson and amber. The ground is absolutely blanketed by the fallen leaves; they crunch beneath my feet.
     I’m about halfway to Peter’s house at my point, and I still lightly shiver.
     Even the moon is out to laugh at my lack of planning ahead.
     I really should’ve worn a coat.
     At some point, I notice a house to my right already has a skeleton on their front porch. People are already decorating for Halloween?
     Most people go to parties or just hang out on Halloween nowadays, but my friends and I still trick-or-treat. After all, it’s free candy! I hope that we can get Ed to go with us.
     Suddenly, I see a girl who, unlike me, is wearing a coat. She’s walking in the opposite direction of me. Her long, brown, hair escapes the hat above it.
     It’s Mia Eris.
     “Hey, Mia,” I say as she gets close. “I’ve heard about you and Toby.”
     “Yeah,” she stops. “He’s actually pretty chill.”
     “I will say,” I lean in closer to her. “The night after the dance, he wouldn’t stop talking about how happy he was.” I see her blush, and even though her scarf is covering her mouth, the corners of her mouth raise a bit.
     “Well, Luke, I’m happy that he’s happy. Sure, maybe the note thing was awkward, but he actually got the courage to talk to me afterward.”
     “Just know that he really appreciates you talking to him.”
     “Thank you, Luke.” We begin walking our separate ways again,
     They seem to go well together.
     Finally, I approach the Brolde’s house. It’s not in the highest quality at the moment; they aren’t necessarily doing the best financially.
     I approach the door and ring the doorbell. After a bit of waiting, I hear footsteps and Xavier opens the door. Upon seeing me, he grins.
     “Hey, Luke, how’s it going?”
     “Hi, Xavier. My mom baked these for you guys.”
     “Luke,” he looks down at the plate. “Tell her that we really appreciate them. Do you want to come in?”
     “Sure.”
     Upon entrance, I sit down in the living room. I notice various photos of Peter, Xavier, and their father. They seem to be having a good time.
     Then I see a picture where they’re with a dark-haired woman. Stockings are hanging in the background, so I assume it’s from Christmas time. Xavier and Peter look much younger.
     That’s their mother.
     Their parents had a falling out a few years ago, and, well, they’ve never actually visited her from what I can recall.
     They used to be happy.
     “Hey, Luke,” Peter comes into the room. “Xavier told me that you were here. Thanks for bringing the cookies, by the way.”
     “Hi, Pete. How are things?”
     “Not that great. But, we’re still here.” He lets out a small smile. “How’s the wife? The kids?”
     “I think you mean the girlfriend, Pete. And no, there’s no kids. Well, not yet, at least.” I immediately regret saying that last part.
     “Ooooooooh, L-”
     “No, no, no, it was merely a joke.” I fall back into my chair. “But things are going fine. We’re going to the semi-formal together in April, so that’ll be great. Have you gotten any update about Grace from Ed? I haven’t asked him about it.”
     “Well,” Peter sits down in a similar chair next to me. “He’s doing a bit better, but he’s still upset, understandably. She apparently won’t talk to him. I feel bad for the guy; he’s only been here for around a month and he’s already going through a crisis.”
     “That sucks. I’ll talk about that with him at school. Oh, by the way, guess who I saw on the way here?”
     “Hannah?” Peter lets out a giggle.
     “No, dumbass, she lives on the other side of town. But I did see Mia. We talked a bit about Toby. I’m happy for them; they seem like they’re getting along well.”
     “Yeah, Toby’s doing better now for sure. But,” his eyes narrow, “I don’t know if I can trust that he’s completely over Bella yet. Sure, he and Mia are great friends and all, but,” he takes a deep breath, “He and Bella were friends for 5 years. They had countless memories together. And, sure, if he had been over it a few months ago then I could trust this. But he goes from crying about her to saying he’s over it. I don’t know if I can trust him.”
     “I know what you mean, Pete. Let’s give him a chance, though.”
     “Yeah…” We sit in silence for a bit.
     “My mom’s surely wondering where I am, so I should probably get going.”
     “Alright, Luke. Thanks for everything.”
     I exit back out to the cold, autumn day.

[POV: TOBY]

     “So, Mia,” I say as we walk through the woods. “How did you first react when I gave you that note?”
     “Well,” she responds. “I was confused for a bit, but once we actually talked, it made a lot more sense. I get confused easily.” She looks at me and smiles.
     “Yeah. I’m fine being friends; you seem like you’d be a good one.” She walks closer to my side and my stomach is invaded by butterflies.
     “So, you used to date Bella Crowsol, right?”
     “Yeah, we were friends for a while, then we dated, then stuff happened, so now she hates me. It’s okay, though; not everything can last forever.”
     “Well, it seems like you still respect who she is, and that’s good. When did you two even meet?”
     “Second-grade.”
     “Wow.”
     “Anyway, Mia, so there’s this funny story I have. I saw it online.” What the hell are you doing you aren’t a comedian you’re making this awkward why.
     “Okay…” We slow down a bit.
     “So, basically, there were two guys. One was rich, the other was poor. Then there was this third guy, he was a bartender.” Wait, no, it was the rich guy! Whatever. Improvise, Toby.
     “Go on…”
     “So, anyway, the bartender liked laughing at other peoples’ pain. He was quite sadistic. One day, the rich and poor guy both entered his bar, and he started laughing. A lot. They both ordered their drinks, confused. After they finished them, the rich guy asked the bartender what was so funny. Then, he said, ‘Your friend there is wearing clothes with literal holes in them! I just find it so funny that he’s poor!’ Well, so the poor guy took offense from this, and so HE said, ‘Yeah. You’re right. I am poor. So poor, in fact, that I can’t afford this drink!’ Then he and the rich guy ran out without paying.” What the fuck was that you absolute numbskull you can’t tell jokes right.
     She begins to giggle.
     “That’s the dumbest shit I’ve ever heard.”
     “I know,” I begin laughing as well. “I can’t tell jokes!” In a matter of seconds, we’re both roaring with laughter. “It’s so bad!”
     Later on, that night, when I fall asleep, I’m once again in front of the first-grade classroom. The door is open this time, however.
     I step inside and the nostalgia comes flooding back. This room is bigger than the kindergarten room, though not by much. I flip on the light switch and go exploring.
     This time, every desk has a nametag on it. I read some of them off.
     Gary Planker.
     Caleb Hartrov.
     Chad Jafen.
     At some point, I find mine. It’s next to my friend’s.
     Toby Plaus.
     Peter Brolde.
     Then, eventually, I discover something interesting.
     Mia Eris.
     She was in my class?
     Once again, there’re pictures on the wall. One is a shot of Peter and Caleb sitting on two swings next to each other. They look exceptionally happy.
     Another one has Hannah and Chad holding hands. Damn, Chad. Even getting to Hannah before Luke could.
     Then, I notice an interesting picture.
     Mia and I have our arms wrapped around each other on the playground. We’re in a hug, What?
     I don’t remember this at all. I don’t even remember her being in my class. Then again, I don’t remember a lot from those years.
     The innocence of childhood.
     There are other pictures on the wall, but none of any real importance to me. Eventually, I see a thin slip of paper lying on one of the tables. I straighten it out and read what it says.

     Gym.

[POV: ED]

     “What the hell is this?” I’m in Luke’s room, looking at his monitor.
     “I don’t know, man. This show just randomly appeared in my ‘recommended’ section.”
     “And you had the audacity to watch this crap? These characters look like they were made by a 4 year old.” On the screen is a rather poorly animated episode of a likely just as bad show. A young boy appears to be running through some green hills, with some animals following him. We both laugh at the stupidity.
     “It appears…” says Luke, as he reads the summary on his phone, “That this boy is… well… a rather determined soul, and he and these animals go to various places. Not necessarily bad in concept, but if executed poorly, as you can see,” he looks back up to keep watching, “you get something cursed.”
     “M… may I ask the name of the show?” I’m prepared for basically any answer at this point.
     “Uh, it’s, uh… called… Optat’s Adventure.”
     “WHAT?!” I have to use the side of his bed as support as I almost vomit from laughing. “O… Optat? Who chose t… that name?”
     “Someone who clearly has a very big brain.”
     This moment of sheer stupidity calms me on Monday morning as I attempt to approach Grace. However, this doesn’t help much, as she instantly runs away upon seeing me.
     “I’m sorry, Ed,” Toby’s right behind me. “This is just like every romance movie out there; the girl doesn’t let the guy explain the situation, and everything gets messed up. If she isn’t willing to listen, then, maybe…” He takes a minute to pause, and takes a breath. “Maybe it’s time to move on, Ed.”
     “No,” I turn around to face him. “I have to make things right somehow.”
     I have to make things right.
     “Heya, Ed,” Tom approaches me during biology. I don’t have any friends in that class, so he’s the closest thing to one I’ve got. His green eyes look ambitious with excitement. “I was wondering if you’d want to come over my place on Halloween. I don’t… really have anyone to go with yet, but maybe we could just chill?” I ponder the request for a moment, then come up with my conclusion.
     “Yeah, sure.”
     His eyes seem to glow brighter than before.
     “Wait, actually? Ah, this is going to be awesome! Thank you, Ed!”
     Lunch approaches, and so does another chance of trying to make things right with Grace.
     “Ed,” says Toby. “You know she’ll just get away again.”
     “Don’t worry, Toby, everything will be fine.”
     However, upon walking over to her table, something’s off. Noticing my confusion, Bella speaks to me.
     “She’s not here, Ed. I don’t think she really wants to talk to you at the moment, though.”
     “Ah, I see.”
     My legs can barely support me as I tremble and shiver my way back to our table.
     “S… she’s not here.”
     “Maybe she was sick?” Dean tries to comfort me.
     “Bella said that she didn’t want to talk to me. What if she, like, skipped lunch or ate in the cafeteria or something? Does she want to avoid me that much?”
     “Hey, Ed, you’ll get another chance. By the way, do you want to come trick-or-treating with us on Halloween?”
     “Ah, sorry guys, I’m already going over Tom’s place.”
     “Oh, okay. That’s fine.”

[POV: LUKE]

     “Wait, stop for a second.” Peter ceases to talk as I listen in to a noise in the distance. “It sounds like… sniffling?”
     Together, we walk down the hall towards the sound. It becomes increasingly louder.
     Suddenly, Peter whispers to me.
     “It’s coming from the stairwell.” We walk through the door to our right to see Tom Lake at the bottom of the stairs, sitting still.
     “Tom? Are… are you okay?”
     “Oh, hey, Luke,” he barely gets it out before releasing a sigh. “Yeah, everything’s fine.”
     “What happened?”
     “Well, I… invited Ed over to my place on Halloween, because I didn’t know who else to ask.” I remember that Ed had mentioned that part yesterday. “So, he accepted, right?”
     “Go on, Tom.”
     “But, a… apparently he just ditched me, and now he’s going to Kevin Yank’s party! All because Grace Flanzo is going to be there. I don’t even think that Kevin likes him! He’s only going because it’s basically open to everyone!”
     “Oh, I’m so sorry, man. Do you want to go trick-or-treating with us?”
     He perks up for a moment.
     “Really? Like, you aren’t going to abandon me as well, are you?”
     “Of course not. Come with us: Me, Pete,” I motion to my friend, who gives a nod, “Toby, and Dean. It’ll be fun.”
     “T… thank you, Luke. This really does mean a lot to me.” He stands up slowly, and follows us out back into the hallway.
     “Hey, look who’s here,” says Peter. He slows his walk. “Hold on, guys, I’ve got this.”
     “No, Pete-” I grab his sleeve. “Let me talk to him.”
     “Back off, Luke. Trust me.” I let him go ahead while Tom is still standing next to me, wide-eyed.
[POV: PETER]

     “Ed,” I call out as I approach him. “Why would you do that? Listen, stop trying for Grace; maybe she wants you to leave her alone?”
     “Dude, why are you so pissed?” He begins to slowly back up. “Look, I know that you like Grace and all-” I stop him.
     “Maybe I’m just in a bad mood today. Maybe it’s because the only two family members I have are working their asses off for us, while I feel useless. Maybe It’s because my best friend left me, and the last thing he said before he left was… well…” I feel something form in my eye. “Look, Ed. Tom is a great guy. Ditching him aside, why would you rather go to a party where everyone’s a complete jerk? Or, at least the guys. But, why not go over Tom’s?”
     “It’s because-”
     “Yeah, I know it’s because of Grace. Listen, man, you’re better than this. I get that you make your own decisions and all, but, for real, step up your game.” I watch as he goes back over to Luke and Tom.
     “Listen, Tom, I’m so sorry. I wasn’t in the right mind when I accepted that invitation to the party. You’re a really nice guy; I just was getting too ambitious. Luke, can I go with you guys?”
     “Yes, Ed.”
     “Ed,” says Tom, his voice beginning to soften up again. “I… I just thought that… you accepted my invitation because you felt like you had to, and, well…”
     “Hey,” I say to them. “It’s going to be a good Halloween. Glad you changed your mind, Ed.” At this point, everyone’s smiling. “Look, Toby and Dean are over there,” I say, pointing to the main entrance door.
     That evening, we’re sitting at the table for dinner. Dad pours some rice into Xavier’s bowl, then mine. Sure, maybe it’s not perfect, but it’s as close to it as we’ll get.
     When Dad sits down across from me, he immediately lowers his head. Xavier, as well, remains silent.
     Nobody speaks for awhile.
     “So… Peter,” Dad finally says, in a low voice. “There’s something… hard… we have to tell you.” Xavier, who’s next to me, slowly nods. The tension here is like a static charge; you know it’s stored up inside of you, but you don’t know which doorknob will finally release it.
     “From what I understand, you’ve been aware of this for a few years now.”
     Don’t say it.
     “I know, Peter, it’s hard to take in.” My eyes begin watering up. “But, these things happen in life. We’ll be here for you.”
     I eat quicker.
     “Peter, it’ll be okay,” says Xavier, as he reaches his arm toward me.
     “No it won’t! Leave me alone!” I swat his hand away, gulp down my rice, and run down the hall to my room.
     I leap onto my bed, and the tears begin to rush out.
     Why does it have to end this way?
     I knew it would happen eventually. I could feel it from the first day.
     We never even got the chance to speak to each other again.
     “Peter,” Xavier slowly opens the door. “I’ll leave you alone now, but we’re here if you need to talk to us.”
     It’s not fair.
     My cry gradually becomes less aggressive and more sullen.
     It’s not fair.

[POV: TOBY]

     “So,” Mia begins as we’re doing a microscope lab in biology. “What are you into?”
     “Gaming. Music. Playing music.” I feel quite confident as I say this.
     “What instrument do you play?” She looks at me, one eyebrow raised.
     “I have a keyboard. I make music.”
     “Wow, Beethoven. You better show me one of your songs sometime.” We both proceed to laugh.
     I insert the slide onto the tray. We’re studying some sort of bacteria.
     “Okay, turn this knob.”
     “No, Mia, turn this knob first.”
     “Your brain is MINISCULE, Toby. You turn this-” she reaches for the bottom dial. At that moment, our teacher, Mrs. Richard, walks by.
     “Hey, Toby,” she says softly, “I’m really sorry about what happened.”
     “What?” I stop what I’m doing and turn towards her.
     “Oh…” she becomes quiet. “You haven’t found out yet? Maybe one of your friends should tell you. Dean was really upset this morning.”
     We continue the class as normal.
     “What was that about?” Mia whispers to me.
     “I have no idea. But, come to think of it, most of my friends were quiet earlier. Besides Ed, that is.”
     “Strange.”
     Once we finally figure out how to work the microscope, Mia turns on the light and switches to the scanner lens.
     “Alright, Mia,” I say to her, “this will be easy for me. I’m an expert in microbiology.”
     “I’m sure you are, Toby.” She bursts into laughter, and I realize what I had just said.
     “Shush, fool. Let me look first.”
     I very slowly and very steadily put my eye up to the glass. My hands quiver.
     “Hey, slowpoke, hurry up!”
     “Just getting a detailed view, that’ll all… hehe…” The laugh comes out shakily.
     “Oh, you’re scared, aren’t you? Move out of the way.” She pushes me to the side and peers through the glass. “Whoa. I think I see the nucleus.”
     “There are no nuclei in bacteria!” I say, attempting to restore the pride I had just lost.
     “Okay, Einstein. Nothing’s alive in there. It looks neat, though; check it out.”
     Once again, I put my eye up to the glass. I observe the various parts of the cell laid out in front of me. It looks cool; there was, indeed, nothing to be afraid of.
     Without any notice, something black and blurry instantly appears and begins to move.
     “OH MY GOD WHAT THE HELL IS THAT!?”
     The room goes silent.
     “Toby!” Mrs. Richard instantly runs over. “Are you okay?”
     “Wait.” I realize my miscalculation. “Ah, so, actually kind of a funny story. Basically, I thought my… eyelash… was ALIVE. And… uh…”
     Everyone begins to laugh.
     “Take it slow, Toby.”
     “Yeah, Toby!” Chad yells from across the room. “Take it slooooooww!” The room instantly erupts into hysterics.
     “That wasn’t even funny,” I say to Mia.
     “Ah, well, you forgot one thing.” She looks back over at him. “He’s Chad.”

     Nobody talks during lunch, except Ed and I.
     “Ready for Halloween, Ed?” I ask him, excitedly. “I’m going as a knight.”
     “Well, I’m going as a squid. Like, there’s a literal squid costume.”
     “Neato.”
     Across the table, Luke pats Peter on the shoulder.
     “What happened, guys? Why’s nobody talking?”
     “Well, Toby,” says Dean. “It’s a bit of a long story. But, well… I… I can’t do this.” Tears form in his eyes.
     For the rest of the day, nobody explains it to me. Even when I try texting them that night, they all respond with the same thing:
     “We’ll tell you in person.”
     It takes a while until I can sleep that night. Past 1:00 AM. But, when I do, something’s different.
     I’m not at the school. I’m in a room identical to my own, though some things from the past couple of years are missing. Then I notice myself, sitting in my chair.
     Though he looks slightly younger, it’s not by much. His eyes look less tired than my own.
     He’s holding my phone and typing something. At the same time, he’s spinning in circles on the chair.
     Eventually, he speaks.
     “Hey, Bella, what’s up?” A voice now long gone responds to him.
     “Hi, Toby! So, what’s that song you wanted to show me?”
     “Oh, yeah, let me play that for you!” He swivels a few more times, then rolls over to his keyboard with the phone. “Sorry if the latency causes this to sound weird. Should I just send a video of it?”
     “You can do that later, Toby. Right now, I want to hear it live.”
     “Alright, Bella,” I notice a crack in his voice, and he exhales slowly. He must be nervous.
     He begins to play.
     I do end up recognizing the song, but barely. I’ve enhanced it so much since then, that this just seems like a shell of the past.
     But, for what’s apparently his first time playing it for her, he doesn’t do bad.
     The notes seem to flow flawlessly as he presses multiple keys at once. He has a melody on his right hand, and some chords on his left.
     I look at the phone propped up on the keyboard, and see Bella slowly smile. Even young Toby, after a minute or so, eases up. When he’s done, the sound of Bella clapping becomes audible through the phone’s speakers.
     “Toby, that was AMAZING! You wrote that for me?”
     “I sure did, my love.” I forgot how romantic I was that year.
     “Can I name it? I have one in mind.”
     “Sure!” He swivels once more in the chair.
     “Alright, I want to call it…” She pauses for a moment, then reveals the name. “Romance in Italy.”
     “Interesting choice, Bella,” says young Toby, as he scratches his chin. “What’s the meaning of the name?”
     “Well, Toby, you know how much I’ve always wanted to go to Italy. It’s so beautiful, relaxing-great food, too. But, it’s known for being romantic. We should get married and moved there together someday…” she drifts into thought.
     “Aw, Bella! I love it!” They begin to laugh, happily. Toby’s eyes light up.
     A stray piece of paper has rested on the side of my desk for this whole time. As I go to inspect it, I decide to grab it. The moment I touch it, however, I’m back at the creek. In front of Peter’s structure.
     As I look at his and Caleb’s buildings, they seem to still be mostly intact, if not a little worn down. This time, however, the sun is shining brightly.
     Behind me, a twig breaks. When I turn around, I notice two figures in the distance. One of them is on the ground, the other one is kneeling next to them.
     I hear cries from the distance.
     After a bit of time, however, the one on the ground awakens, and the other one helps them stand up.
     Bella and I.
     Out of curiosity, I check Peter’s mail slot. There’s actually something in there.

     Peter,
     I know. Tomorrow’s the day you’ve been dreading. I have been as well. But, there’s even more bad news. I had a doctor’s appointment a few days ago, because my head felt weird. The doctor said that, due to some of the symptoms I was apparently showing, I’m going to have to have another appointment right when we get to Florida. He said not to worry, though, and that it probably isn’t that bad. I don’t know how serious this will be, but I’ll get through it. After all, if I’m physically able to leave you guys, I can do anything! Anyway, stop reading this and get back to work on polishing up your building! Oh yeah, I forgot, you’re already done with yours.

Your bestie,
Caleb

     I’ve decided that I’ve seen enough for one night and stare into Faith Creek.

[POV: ED]

     Ghosting. What a fun tradition.
     Going out to your pal’s house, dropping a bag of candy on the doorstep, ringing the doorbell and sprinting away as fast as you can; without even taking credit!
     If anything, it’s a representation of humility.
     First, I go to Luke's house. Then Dean’s, then Peter’s, then Tom’s. It all goes smooth, everything works out.
     Then Toby’s house.
     “Alright, go, Ed!” My mother supports me silently from the car as I run down Toby’s yard. The path leads downward, so I have to slow my movement if I don’t want my sheer momentum to send me tumbling forward.
     When I approach my door, I do the same sequence of events as I’ve done in the past; place the bag, ring the doorbell, run. However, this “run” part clearly doesn’t register properly to my brain, because I somehow trip on the grass.
     When Toby’s brother opens the door to take the bag, he pretends he can’t see me laying in his yard, critically injured. However, deep down, he’s probably laughing at my foolish defeat.
     Once he finally closes the door, I brush myself off and go towards the car.
     “Hey, Ed,” my mother says to me. “We have one more bag. Who do you want to take it to?”
     I think about this. Grace? No- well, I don’t even know where she lives, but that wouldn’t be a good idea at all. There’s only one other place I can think of.
     I tell her Bella’s address.
     Her house is rather large; its white color, however, is rather dim due to the sun having set long ago. A few lights are on.
     The yard is somewhat small, so dashing through it isn’t too challenging of a task. However, after I ring the doorbell, I decide to stick around.
     I go to the side of the house and cling to the wall.
     I hear a familiar tune.
     It’s barely audible, but piano noises are playing from what sounds like the second floor.
     Where have I heard this before?
     Then, it hits me.
     “Alright, guys,” says Toby. “I’m going to try to dance with Mia tonight.”
     “I believe in you, Toby,” Luke responds. “I, being the lonely man I am, am not going to dance with anyone.” He lets out a nervous laugh.
     “Let’s play a few tunes to brighten your spirits.”
     He plays a couple of songs; they sound very nice, and we all clap after each one. Then, he announces the final one.
     “I originally made this… well, I wrote it for Bella. I still think it sounds nice, though. She named it “Romance in Italy.”
     That’s what I’m hearing from the upstairs of Bella’s house. Romance in Italy.
     Knowing that my mother is probably wondering where I am, I bolt back to the car. 

[POV: LUKE]

     The moon guides us down my street, reflecting off of the occasional puddle. Dean the leprechaun steps in one and stumbles.
     Toby, our knight in shining armor, lets out a rather noble laugh.
     “None of the houses have their lights on,” says Ed the squid.
     “Strange,” Peter the skeleton remarks. “It rattles me bones.”
     “Should we try another street?” Tom the narwhal asks, his long tooth also reflecting the moonlight. “We aren’t getting any luck here.”
     “Maybe we should split up,” Toby suggests. “If someone finds a street with lots of lights, we can just text the others.”
     “Good idea, Toby,” I, a wizard, say right as we approach a fork in the road. “Okay. Toby, Ed, and Dean, go that way,” I command, pointing to the street going to the right. “Me, Pete, and Tom will go to the left.”
     We begin our walk. However, the houses on either side all have their lights off. Well, except one.
     “Look at this, guys,” Peter guides us over to a white house on the left. It’s lit up brightly and I note the audible bass sounds from inside.
     “Wait,” Tom observes it. “I think that’s Kevin’s party.” We look a bit more, and decide to leave. However, right as we’re about to head back, we hear a door slam.
     Grace is standing in front of the house, makeup running down her face.
     “What happened?” I ask.
     “It… it was horrible, Luke. Th… they were doing dumb shit...” She whispers into my ear. “I think they were drinking a bit too much.”
     “Okay, first of all, I’m not really surprised,” I declare. “You want to come with us? Well, Ed’s actually in our group too, but…”
     “I think I’m just going to go home.” She takes off down the street.
     “Kevin’s so messed up,” says Peter. “Like, isn’t Halloween a time to have fun?”
     “Apparently not for him. Good thing Ed didn’t go.” Tom sighs, and we head the other way. I check my phone to see if Toby texted me back, and then I scroll up.
     “Wait, we forgot to tell him about Caleb.” Peter begins to shake a bit.
     “Tell him tomorrow.”
     “You’re right.”
     Suddenly, I feel something.
     “Guys, I think we should check on Ed, Dean and Toby.”
     “Why?”
     “C’mon.”
     We begin to accelerate.
     “Luke, what do you-”
     A loud scream rings out from somewhere.
     “Okay, yep,” I say. “We’re definitely going.” We pick up the pace. My feet begin to hurt from the road I’m running on, but that doesn’t worry me at the moment.
     We’re back at the fork in the road and begin to run straight ahead. Trees on either side loom ominously.
     “Do you think they’re alright?” Peter asks.
     “I don’t know.” I pull out my phone to text Toby.
     No response.
     Still, every house has its lights off.
     “Guess trick-or-treating sorta died out, huh?”
     “Wait,” Tom points ahead. “Look. People.”
     “Ah,” says Peter. “They’re probably fine.”
     “The scream must’ve been from someone else. Probably someone pulling a joke on their friend. Oh well, looks like I was just paranoid.”
     Suddenly, Ed, Toby and Dean emerge from a bush.

[POV: TOBY]

     Luke, Tom, and Peter go to the left, while me, Ed, and Dean go to the right. As we walk down the road, no houses have lights on. Zero.
     The wind begins to howl, then quickly becomes still again.
     “Man,” says Dean, who’s balancing himself on the curb. “Why aren’t there any lights on?”
     “I don’t know,” I respond. “It’s kind of disappointing.”
     “Maybe, if there’s no luck here, we can go to the part-”
     “Okay, Ed,” I tell him. “Don’t get too excited. It’s probably not even that fun.”
     As we continue down the dark street, I notice various little cracks and puddles in the road.
     “Why are there no lights on?” Dean repeats, a bit more annoyed and loopy than anything.
     “Shut it. We’ll find something eventually.”
     I hear the sound of tires behind me, so we all jump up to the sidewalk. When I look to my right, I see a black van pull up next to us. The window slowly rolls down, revealing two men. I can’t see the one in the passenger seat very well, but the driver is bald and has an unkempt mustache.
     “You boys lost?” He asks, in a raspy voice.
     “Uh, no, sir,” Dean replies, shakily. “We were just on our way home.”
     “We can drive you.”
     “N-no thanks. We’re… good.”
     Suddenly, the van shuts off. Both men open their doors.
     “I said, we can drive you.”
     We run. But not fast enough. The man who was driving grabs Dean and I, while the other man, who’s noticeably shorter, grabs Ed.
     “You’re coming with us.”
     We scream. Loudly.
     While the men make their best attempts to cover their mouths, I hear footsteps grow increasingly faster and louder behind me.
     “Get away from my friends, you bastards!”
     I feel the man holding me suddenly lurch backwards and fall to the ground. I look to the other one, and see him do the same.
     Another set of footsteps comes closer. Even after turning around, I can’t tell who they belong to; my heart’s racing too quickly.
     “Call the cops!” I hear a girl’s voice say.
     “On it,” replies the other.
     I finally regain my vision. In front of us are none other than Hannah and Bella.
     “Y...you saved us.”
     “Well, Toby,” says Hannah. “Those were scary men. They probably… well, I don’t think any of us are really that curious to know what would’ve happened.”
     I look over at Bella.
     We make eye contact.
     For a moment, I swear that I can see something in there. A glimmer of hope.
     Maybe even… a smile?
     “Thank you so much,” Ed says to them. “That was unbelievably lucky timing.”
     “Someone called the cops, right?” Dean asks, patiently.
     “Well,” Hannah says to him. “We have an idea.”
     After a moment, I hear footsteps running. Upon turning towards them, I see a wizard, a skeleton, and a narwhal.
     “Luke,” says Ed, still panting. “They saved us. Hannah and Bella saved us.”
     “Lukey,” says Hannah, running up to him. “They were basically being held by two men.”
     “Holy shit,” he responds, then runs over to us.
     “Okay,” Hannah says. “So, none of us really want to get involved with the law or anything, right? Well, I know this area. Near Faith Creek is a river, and…”
     “Hannah,” says Tom. “You can’t be serious.”
     “Oh, but I am. C’mon, guys.”
     To our rather surprising luck, not a single car passes by us on the way to the woods. Once we finally arrive there, we walk the path for a bit.
     “Okay, turn right.”
     We drag the bodies through the trees on our right. Tom’s panicking.
     “Hey, Tom,” says Peter. “Come with me.”
     He puts his arm around Tom’s shoulder, and they leave the woods.
     “Okay,” says Hannah. She throws the bodies into the roaring river.
     “Hannah,” says Luke. “We didn’t actually… kill them.”
     “Oh, shit. Well, in that case… Hopefully they’ll forget what happened.”
     “Yeah, whatever. Hopefully we will, too.”
     “Did we really just do that?” I ask.
     “Yep.”
     Bella glances at me again.
     “Toby, wake up.”
     Dean snaps me out of my daydream, and we’re back on the road. Huh, the van wasn’t real.
     Suddenly, I hear the sound of tires that I had heard earlier.
     “Guys,” I quickly say. “Follow me.”
     We go onto a nearby yard and hide in a bush.
     “What, Toby?” Ed whispers. “Why?”
     The van drives by.
     “I don’t trust that vehicle. C’mon, let’s stay here for a moment.”
     After a bit of time passes by, and the van doesn’t come back, I speak again.
     “Alright, we’re all good.”
     We step out of the bush, and at that moment, Luke, Peter, and Tom come walking by.
     “Oh, hey, guys! What brings you here?”
     “Well,” Luke sighs. “I was getting a bit worried-I have no idea why-then I heard a scream. But, it appears that everything’s… why were you hiding in a bush?”
     “Uh, no reason.”
     “There’s no lights on for this street,” says Dean.
     “Let’s go back to my place,” Luke says. “That’ll be fun.”
     We all agree, except Ed.
     “Luke, I’m considering going to that party.”
     “Ed,” Luke’s smile instantly tones down. “We actually saw Grace run out of there. She said it was awful.”
     “I just want to try it,” he says. “If it’s not good, I’ll come back to your house. I’m just curious.”
     “Okay, fine.”

[POV: ED]

     Kevin himself is passed out on his couch. A couple of guys sitting next to him take a swig from a bottle.
     Why did I bother to come to this party?
     I hear a thud. One of Kevin’s guys had jumped from the top floor.
     Everyone seems drunk.
     “H… hey, mR. sQuiddY! This isn’t a CoStuMe paRTY!” It’s Chad Jafen. “Y… yOUr giRlFrieNd aLreAdy lEFt tEN miNUteS ago!”
     “Shut the fuck up, Chad.”
     The music stops.
     “Oh, c’MOn, fRAnCis! yOu shoUld gO gET hER!.”
     Suddenly, I have an idea. I reach for my phone, and press the record button.
     “Nah, Chad..”
     “You little scoundrel, I bet you couldn’t even handle one beer if you tried.” Everyone around him begins to laugh, and his voice appears to go somewhat normal.
     “But why would I want to? I mean, if it’s something that you’re drinking, then nobody else would go near the stuff.”
     I hear a roar from somewhere in the room.
     “Oh yeah, Francis? I bet you couldn’t even handle… one smoke...” He falls to the floor.
     “I… I think I’m going to go.” Everyone begins to stare at me.
     I get up from my chair and run towards the door.
     Why did I even come here in the first place?
     I stop the recording and walk over to the street.
     “Yeah,” I say to myself. “I’ll go back to Luke’s place.”
     As I’m walking, I see various decorations up. Skeletons, ghosts, tombstones… and, of course, jack-o-lanterns.
     But, why did Toby make us dive into the bushes?
     I look into the night sky above me, and imagine everything that’s up there.
     Maybe there’s a planet up there, just like Earth. Maybe, just maybe, there’s some planet with a futuristic city! Or a planet covered in trees!
     Maybe, far away, there’s a land where everything’s okay. A land where these problems don’t matter. A land where peer pressure doesn’t force half of our grade to get unwillingly drunk at some dipshit’s party.
     Maybe, there’s a land where Bella and I love each other, peacefully.
     I wonder why I had taken the recording in the first place. Was it for attention? Did I want to get Chad in trouble?
     Where is my moral compass?
     I take out my phone and delete it.

[POV: TOBY]

     That Monday, before school, Luke approaches me in the hallway.
     “Toby, we need to talk.” His eyes are drooping. “It’s something serious.”
     “What is it, Luke?” My stomach feels weird. What could it be?
     “Well, I’ll just tell you. Caleb’s dead.” When he says that, time seems to slow down around me. Everyone chatting nearby, they all seem to slow down. People walking seem to slow to a stop. Most of all, though, Luke remains frozen in front of me, with that same expression on his face.
     “Oh… So, the disease got to him…” I feel something form in my throat.
     “Yep. I’m assuming your mom told you about that?”
     “Uh, yeah,” I lie.
     Nobody had told me about it. Only the dream did.
     “We have to remain strong, Toby. We’re all open to talk if you need it.”
     “Thanks, Luke.”
     Throughout the day, I try to accept that fact. He’s dead. Caleb’s dead. Caleb Hartrov, one of your childhood best friends, has died.
     “So,” Dean comes up to me after school as I’m on my way to my bus. “You heard about Caleb’s cancer.” He hangs his head low.
     “Yep,” I say. The hallway seems to be empty; not a single sound rings through besides us talking. “That’s actually… really tragic.” Part of me is sad for Caleb; he had always been there for us. But, on the other hand, I wonder more about the letter.
     Maybe that’s the one that Peter ran off with at Faith Creek.
     “Check your phone. Peter and Luke are organizing a memorial service. Tom and I are already going. Anyone’s invited, though.”
     “Alright.” I begin to feel queasy. “Damn it, Dean, I really miss the guy.”
     “Me too, Toby.” He pats me on the shoulder.
     That night, after walking downstairs and seating myself at the grand, wooden table, I already know something’s up. Carter’s staring at me.
     “Hey, Toby. We just got word about Caleb.” My mom comes over to me.
     “I’m so sorry, sweetie. He was such a nice boy in life.”
     I feel one tear.
     Then another.
     Then another.
     That night, I’m so exhausted yet so awake. I get up from my bed and navigate through my messy room over to the window. I undraw the blinds, and look out to the world around me.
     The trees are noticeably still; there’s no wind tonight. The road is empty; although, that’s no surprise since I live on a cul-de-sac.
     The stars above me twinkle and shine down. It’s almost as if he’s up there, telling me everything’s going to be okay.
     I sit down and begin to play.
     “I call this one, ‘Distant Settlement’”, I tell myself. The whole song takes over 7 minutes to play, but I do it while thinking about Caleb. He was such a nice guy.
     “Imagine”, I think to myself, “If this distant settlement was real. An area I could just go to without worrying about anything else. Without worrying about schoolwork or drama. Without breaking friendships due to my own stupidity. Without those close to me dying too early. His birthday was in January, so he never even got the chance to turn 15.
     For my own health, I tell myself to go to sleep.
     Beep.
     Beep.
     Beep.
     That’s not the sound of an alarm clock.
     It’s the sound of some sort of monitor.
     I gain my sense of vision, and see that I’m in what appears to be some sort of hospital room.
     There are various bulletin boards on the walls. I walk over to the one closest to the metal door and observe a form posted to it.
     “How To Deal With Brain Cancer”.
     Suddenly, a voice grabs my attention.
     “Oh, h-hey, Toby.”
     Only now do I notice the hospital bed in the middle of the room. Laying on it is a boy. But how does he know my name?
     Then it clicks.
     “Caleb!” I can barely get it out, and rush over to the bed.
     He’s bald.
     “Caleb, what happened?”
     “Doctor says it’s a tumor. Oh well, these are part of life, I guess.” The monitor beeps next to him. “Toby, do me a favor.”
     “W-what is it?”
     He lets out a faint smile.
     “T-tell the guys t… that I miss them. A… and finish what we started. By the stream. Building our… structures… our town...” He turns over and closes his eyes.
     “Caleb! CALEB!” I shake him.
     There’s no response.
     Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep.
     In an instant, I’m back in the school. It’s the daytime now, but all of the lights are off.
     I remember my surroundings, and note that I’m at the corner opposite the cafeteria. Then I remember the note that I found.
     I have to go to the gym.
     Upon my arrival, the doors are already open.
     There are voices.
     And a loud, collective groan.
     When I step inside, I see everyone sitting in a circle in the middle. The teacher is standing up next to it.
      “Now, I know, kids. ‘Girls have cooties.’ ‘Boys have cooties.’ But ballroom dancing is an important skill! You should all be excited!” Everyone slinks back down; except for one of them.
     A boy with curly hair is perked up.
     He’s literally trembling.
     “Now, we’re going to get into lines. Boys, go into this line,” he motions to one side of the gym, and girls get into this line,” he points at the other side of the room. “Now, boys, you’re in the leading line, and girls, you’re in the following line.”
     I notice young Toby’s legs begin to anxiously shake. Bella’s on the other side, only a few spots down.
     The teacher begins instructing them. He gets the leaders to do their motion, and then the followers to do their motion. After a few minutes of me watching kids hilariously fail to step in the right rhythm, they’re finally told to meet in the middle.
     Now, all of them mess it up for the first couple of people. Toby, as does everyone else, looks like he’s suffering torture.
     Until he reaches Bella.
     “Hey, Toby!” She smiles at him. “Hey, stay still! Quit shaking!”
     “S… s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-sorry… Bella…”
     They begin their ballroom dance, and I can’t watch at first.
     Then, he begins to breathe.
     “There you go, Toby! You’ve got it!” Toby’s now letting out a huge smile.
     “I know how you feel, buddy,” I say to myself. “If only I could be back here again.” I let out a sigh, and leave the gym. 
     There’s a wooden bench right outside of the gym, next to the water fountain. I take a seat.
     “Hey.” I turn to see a red-headed boy walk down the hall. “How’s it going?”
     “Wait,” I turn towards him. “You can see me?”
     “Of course, Toby!”
     Suddenly, I awaken. My room is dark, so I check the clock.
     5:00 AM. I can’t get back to sleep.

[POV: ED]

     “Grace!” She’s standing in the hallway on Tuesday morning. “Look, Grace, we need to-”
     “Yeah, fuck you, Ed!”
     “Hey! Stop! What’s going on?” Bella rushes down the hall.
     “This absolute jerk keeps trying to talk to me!”
     “Grace…” Bella approaches her. “Can’t you just let the guy speak? Like, even just once?”
     “Fine. Ed, what is it?” Her arms are crossed in front of her.
     I take in a deep breath, and calm a bit.
     “Look, Grace. I thought you were neat since the start of the year. But, when you told me that you liked me, I didn’t know what to say. I didn’t really have a crush on you, but… I didn’t want to make you feel bad…”
     “Ed, I think we need a bit of space.”
     I nod my head.
     “I understand.”
     “So,” Luke approaches from behind me. “That went rather swell, didn't it?”
     “Luke, what do I do?” I can feel my breathing become faster. “I screwed up I screwed up I screwed up I-”
     He slaps me on the face.
     “Stop, Ed. Just give her space. To be honest, I’m not really in the mood to talk about this right now. I have my own grievances to attend to.”
     “Oh yeah?” I ask, broadening my shoulders. “Like what?”
     “Like the death of one of my best friends.” With that, he turns around and walks slowly down the hallway.
     “Luke!” I run after him. “Listen, man, I didn’t know about that. I’m so sorry.”
     “Just work on your empathy, Ed.” With that, he takes off.
     I stand in the hallway, feeling alone.
     “Look, guys,” I say during lunch. “I’m here for all of you if you need to speak. Death is a touchy subject.”
     Luke’s holding Peter in his arms.
     “Thanks, Ed.”
     “He was always so much fun to hang out with,” Dean is trying to hold back tears.
     “Ed,” Toby sighs. “I wish you could’ve gotten a chance to know him before he moved away. He was always a nice guy-really supportive, too. And he was quite the architect.”
     “Yeah,” Peter says, his voice sullen. “He actually helped me build my building at… Faith Creek. He finished it for me before… building his own. He worked so I wouldn’t have to stress over it…” He drifts off.
     “Oh man,” I say to them. “He sounds like he was a great guy.”
     “He was,” says Luke.
     “But, listen. You guys have to get back into that world. Keep your heads high; I bet that’s what he would’ve wanted! You guys go avenge him. Finish whatever he started.” I’m trying to think of more positivity to tell them, but Toby takes over.
     “You’re right, Ed. Guys…” He begins his announcement. “We’re going to go back to Faith Creek, and we’re going to finish what we started! Even if… some of us have to rebuild. And, Peter, you’ve still held onto everyone’s blueprints, right?” Peter lets out a light nod. “Good, then. Listen, we have to do this for Caleb. We can finish what he started. Plus, we can get Ed and Dean in there! And, we can ask Tom if he wants to join in as well.”
     “Yeah!” Dean’s voice sounds ambitious. “For Caleb.” We all repeat his statement.
     “For Caleb!”

[POV: BELLA]

     “Friendship”. What a… strange word. There are many different levels of friendship that you can have.
     You may think you’re friends with someone, but, in their mind, you two are just, as Ed calls it, “aighto” (I don’t know, Ed is wacky!). Then, there are the people you are really close with; the ones who have been there since the beginning.
     Toby Plaus used to be my friend for a while, from second through seventh-grade. We were in a “relationship” that year, and, well, that didn’t end so smoothly. While he did kind of screw that up, I do still kind of miss the guy sometimes; the friendship part, that is.
     I don’t think he’s a bad guy or anything, but he does still have some flaws. My main problem is that I think he wants to continue a romantic relationship with me; something that I’ve made clear that I’m not up to having.
     “Ah, Italy.” I say to Ed as we walk down the hallway to gym class. “I’ve heard it’s beautiful there. I’d like to experience it in all its glory someday.”
     Suddenly, he turns towards me.
     “Oh, yeah, so, that reminds me of something. So, obviously Halloween is over, so I think I’m in the clear to admit I ghosted you one night last month.” I only got ghosted by two people, and both times the loot was plentiful. Who knew that Ed was so generous? “Anyway, I heard music coming from your house. Loudly. It sounded a bit… familiar.” I have no idea what he’s on about, then it suddenly clicks.
     “Ed, I-”
     “Okay, but whether or not you like Toby, you can’t deny that you’re enjoying his music.” Ed lets out a small smile.
     “Yes, Ed, his music is rather good.” I feel my face scrunch up. “Can we talk about something?”
     “During lunch.”
     We’re on the track, simply walking. It turns out that this gym class won’t be that hard on us after all.
     “Okay, nobody’s walking near us, so I guess you can tell me now.”
     “Ed…” I lean in towards him. “I feel like I’ve been looking towards Toby in the wrong way.”
     After processing that information, I can notice him begin to sweat a little bit.
     “Uh, why, Bella? Toby… well, he was crap to you and stuff, right?”
     “Well, I don’t think either of us were really ready for that relationship, so…”
     He comes closer to me and leans into my ear.
     “If you tell him that, he’ll probably get really mad and try to threaten you. He hates you. He’s NEVER talked about you fondly. Ever.”
     “W-what?” I launch back a few feet. “Are you being serious? I’ve seen him looking at me! And, with sad eyes!”
     “Bella,” he comes even closer. “Don’t. Tell. Him.”
     “But why?” I can smell his breath.
     “Because, uh, just don’t.”

[POV: ED]

     “Listen, Luke. Why the fuck are we watching this pile of garbage again?”
     “Ed…” Luke swivels around to me. “Optat’s Adventure is absolutely golden. It’s one of the best things to come out of animation. Ever.”
     “Well, something happened today,” I try to change the subject. “Something with Bella.”
     “Ooh, with the lady? What is it?” Luke places his hands together.
     “Well, not necessarily something good.” At this point, his eyes squint.
     “Just tell me, Ed.”
     “She kind of misses the friendship she had with Toby.”
     “Yikes, she misses a five-year long, close friendship?” He leans forward. “And how did you respond to that, Mr. Francis?”
     “I… told her not to tell him.”
     “You did WHAT!? Listen, Ed, I know you like Bella. But her friendship with Toby was a close one. Don’t let envy get the best of you, my friend. Now, c’mon. The others are probably already at Faith Creek.”
     “Hey, guys,” I say when we get to the stream. Toby’s at his structure, and Dean’s with him. “Is Peter at his building?”
     “Well,” Toby’s voice is quiet. “Not exactly. Let me show you.” The four of us walk along the stream for a bit, and then we come across Peter’s structure.
     “Where is he?”
     Toby simply points across the stream at Caleb’s design.
     “He’s inside,” Dean whispers to me.
     Peter’s sitting inside of the dark structure. The laminated blueprints are on the ground next to him.
     His hands are covering his face.
     “Pete?”
     As he looks up at me, I notice that his face is red.
     “Oh… hey, guys.”
     “Listen, Pete. Do you want to come back another time?”
     He slowly nods.
     “Alright, guys. We’re delaying the project a bit. Hey, it’s okay.”

[POV: TOBY]

     “Hey, Toby,” Mia approaches me during English. “I… I heard about your friend. I… I’m so sorry.”
     “I appreciate the condolences, Mia.” Peter, who’s likely noticed this interaction, begins crying at his desk.
     Later that night, I lay on my bed.
     I wonder what Caleb would be like if he were still alive.
     If only I had known his fate when I first read that letter.
     The letter.
     The letter from my dream.
     The letter that… nobody had even shown me.
     Even if that was the one that Peter had ran off with, I wouldn’t have had NEARLY enough time to analyze it.
     Wait.
     Wait.
     How could I have known about Caleb’s condition?
     And about his letters to Peter?
     Tonight, I spawn into my dream right outside of the school. The sun is setting around me. However… noise is coming from inside?
     Clang. The back door won’t budge.
     I jump the fence into the road, and run around the school to the front side. Upon my arrival, I see multiple cars parked in the front circle.
     The door is unlocked. When I enter, loud music is blaring all around me.
     Well, not all around me. But, from down the hall.
     The lights are on, and make a very faint buzzing noise. As I sprint down the corridor, people around me continue walking. About 75% of them are wearing sunglasses.
     The music only gets louder. When I approach the cafeteria, I see the origin of all the comotion; of course! It’s a kids’ night out.
     In the front of the cafeteria, speakers are playing some intense music, and a teacher is commanding everyone to dance.
     “Move it!”
     I leave the cafeteria and walk over to the gym, where an inflatable slide is set up.
     “Time to have some fun,” I tell myself.
     I phase through the line and climb. The inflatable rungs of the inflatable wall almost make me crash to the non-inflatable, hard wooden floor.
     At the top, I feel a rush of excitement.
     I bounce down the slide. Even though I get a small burn in the process, I still think that it was worth it.
     “But… where am I?”
     I rush back into the hallway. All of the classroom doors are closed, so I assume that only the cafeteria and gym are to be used. As I walk back and forth down the long hallway, I hear a familiar voice.
     “Toby, you should ask her to dance.”
     Sitting on a bench in the hallway are Luke and young Toby.
     “No, Luke,” his voice barely whispers. “I can’t!”
     I need to give you a name, little guy.
     I decide to call him Tobito. The “-ito” means that he’s small.
     Tobito. What a fantastic name.
     As Luke and Tobito are talking, it’s mostly more of the same; Luke trying to convince him to ask Bella to dance.
     “Luke, I’m so nervous!”
     Suddenly, I notice Hannah Powell walking down the hall. Tobito grows a grin.
     “Hold on, Luke. I’m going to find the others.” Tobito sprints down the hall, leaving Luke perplexed. Moments later, he’s back with Caleb, Dean, and Peter.
     “Luke. Luke. Luke. Go get Hannah.”
     “Ha, Toby!” Luke broadens his shoulders. “I already danced with Hannah tonight!”
     “No, no, no. Here, hold on.” Tobito covers his mouth and whispers something to Luke. As he continues saying his plan, Luke’s face shifts from a huge smile, almost crying of joy, to a look of concern, to drooping eyes.
     “Toby, I- she won’t want to!”
     “Just try, Luke.”
     Tobito and the other three, still giggling, follow Luke from a great distance. I stay with them.
     “They’re in love, guys! In love!”
     “They should get married!” Dean says. More laughter follows this, and I walk ahead to see Luke and Hannah talking.
     “So, Hannah, well,” he whispers Toby’s plan to her, and I see a huge smile form on her face.
     “Of course, Lukey!” At this moment, I remember what this is. I try to beckon the others to follow, but none of them notice.
     Suddenly, Caleb looks in my direction, almost as if to make eye contact.
     “Uh, guys. I think we should follow them.”
     Luke and Hannah run down the hall to the back door, which is currently locked. After making sure the coast is clear, Luke turns the lock, and they run outside.
     “Guys,” says Tobito. “Let’s hide in a bush!” Ah, even back then, I liked to…
     HOW DID I PREDICT THE VAN ON HALLOWEEN?!
     “Okay, okay, they’re going over to the playground,” Peter whispers. “I think we have enough of a view.
     It’s practically dark at this moment. Mosquitos are everywhere.
     I’m not cold, though. This must’ve been sometime near the end of the year.
     “Guys!” Dean points toward the playground. “Look!”
     Luke and Hannah are on the swingset, sitting on adjacent swings. They rock forward and backward very slowly, and then turn to look each other in the eyes.
     Then, they put their lips together. Oh, so they kissed on the swing, then. Not under the table. I’ll have to mention that to the guys.
     Their kiss lasts a long time. I’m worried that they’re going to take it farther, but thankfully they don’t. Finally, they put their lips apart again.
     She pokes Luke’s arm, playfully. After they both laugh at this, they suddenly dive under a nearby table. I look back at Tobito and the crew, whose jaws are all dropped in shock.
     Under the picnic table, they look at each other, and kiss again.
     Ah, so they DID kiss under the table.
     At this point, Tobito and the gang are roaring with laughter. They’re laughing so hard, in fact, that Peter rolls out of the bush, unable to contain himself.
     “Wait,” says Hannah. “Is that Peter?”
     “Hold on, my love.” Luke stands up and attempts to look as menacing as he can for a fifth-grader. He walks over to Peter. “What the heck, man?”
     “Luke and Hannah, sitting in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G!”
     “Knock it OFF, Pete!” The others chuckle from the bushes. “Hey! You guys said that you would stay inside! I thought you guys were supposed to be making sure nobody was going to come outside! Not stalking us!”
     “Sorry, Luke,” Tobito replies. “Alright, boys, let’s go inside.”
     Luke walks back over to the table, where Hannah is mortified. She looks as though she’s about to cry.
     “Hey, hey…” Luke notices her. “Don’t worry about them. They won’t tell anyone. They’re just a few fools, that’s all. Come here.” She stands up and walks over to him, and they hug while standing on the wood chips. At this point, the stars are glistening from above.
     Even back then, he was such a nice guy.
     Upon my entrance back into the building, I wonder if there is anything else I should observe. Then, out of the farthest reaches of my ears, I hear four words which I had almost forgotten about.
     “Toby, want to dance?”

[POV: PETER]

     “Whoa…” Noise fills the area around me, and I open my eyes. I can see a dark blue carpeted surface beneath me, and then I look up.
     I’m riding what appears to me a subway, and I’m standing in the back of the car. However, instead of it being underground, the track is on a… highway?
     As I look out the window behind me, all I see are trees some distance away, and tracks in between them and I.
     “Hey, kid!” A man bustles through all the people who are standing, grabbing on to the metal poles. “How old are you?”
     “12,” I respond.
     He dons a black fedora, as well as a a suit and tie. His rugged face is letting out some sort of frown, and his eyes are drooping a bit.
     “Hey, listen, man. I’m so sorry about your mom. I… well, I actually worked with her.”
     He puts out his hand, and I shake it.
     “Eric Hagstroe,” he looks at me and quickly smiles, then his eyes go back to how they were before. “Hey, your mom… well, she used to tell me stories about you.”
     I look him in the eyes as my own begin to widen.
     “Really? What did she say?”
     “Well, she loved you and your brother so much. I’m sure you guys will be able to visit her,” he pats me on the back.
     “Oh… about that…” my head slinks low. “Dad said that… well, she didn’t want us to visit.”
     “What?” Hagstroe looks at me in shock. “Well, oh boy. Any specific reason?”
     I feel a tear come to my eye.
     “I don’t know.” He comes over to me and kneels down.
     “Listen, Peter. I know that things may be tough right now, but… hang in there. It’ll get better soon. Just keep your head up, man!” He stands back up and pats me on the back again.
     I feel the sounds of the subway begin to distort as a brightness fills the room.
     “Peter!” I can hear my father call from down the hallway. “Time to get up!”

[POV: PETER]

     Hagstroe. Eric Hagstroe.
     Why am I even thinking about this dream? He isn’t even real.
     The first few nights after Mom left, it was pure cold, bitter, darkness. Then, I had finally had my first dream.
     Eric Hagstroe.
     “Hey, Peter, how are you holding up?” My dad asks as we rake the leaves. Caleb’s memorial service had been the previous day; it was a small gathering. We talked about the old times that we had had with him.
     “I feel like I was able to get a lot of things off of my chest,” I respond and gather some leaves up into a pile. “I’m doing… okay.”
     After we’re done with the leaves, we go inside and each sit on a chair in the living room. I can feel the fuzziness of the arm.
     “Dad, can I… ask you something?”
     “Sure thing, Pete. What is it?” His eyebrow raises a bit.
     “W… why did Mom leave?” My voice begins to shake. Upon hearing my question, his face releases all tension and both eyebrows drop.
     “A… ask your brother about that, Peter.”
     I decide to wait until a better time.
     The next week actually goes by pretty smoothly. Not much excitement arises. On Saturday, we go back to the stream. I feel the blueprints jab into my left arm as I carry them.
     “Alright, guys, here’s the spot,” says Luke, and I give everyone their respective blueprint. My hands feel dirty as I release them.
     “Luke,” calls Toby. “Should we take ours down?”
     “Oh my God,” he blinks a few times, and then looks back at him. “We forgot to bring our materials.”
     We all begin to laugh.
     “Okay, listen, next time we’ll be set. And, Toby, likely.”
     “Luke,” says Ed, as we trot back through the woods. “What… what was Caleb like?”
     Luke inhales deeply.
     “Well, Ed, he was always a good guy. I’ll tell you that much.”
     Hagstroe. Eric Hagstroe.
     For the first time in years, I’m back on that train again tonight. This time, however, the sun has set already. Just me, the tracks, and the trees.
     “Hey, Pete!” He walks over to me with his briefcase. “Long time no see.”
     “Hi, Mr. Hagstroe. How have you been?” This is a dream, so I shouldn’t think too hard about it. However, this feels significant for some reason.
     “Well, not the best.” His face is a tad bit scruffy. “You see, I’ve actually moved farther away, so, well, the commute to work is longer, as you can see,” he beckons out the window and I stare into the stars. “Anyway… my boss said that the higher-ups may have to lay off a few people soon.” I notice his eyes; they’re purple. “But, they wouldn’t lay me off, right?” He looks back out the window. “Well, Peter, let me tell you something.” He slowly walks back over. “Life isn’t always fair; you don’t always get what you want.” He puts his hand on my shoulder. “Now, then,” he points forward towards the front of the subway car; there’s a door. “How about we hijack this thing?”
     “W-what?” I take a step back in shock, then remember that this is a dream I’m dealing with. “Ah, okay, sure.” I catch my breath.
     “Splendid!” He lets out a grin.
     I grab onto the handles on the ceiling and use the poles for support as we walk to the door. I try the silver metal handle, but the door won’t open.
     “You’ve got to think outside of the box, Peter!” He opens his briefcase and reveals a saw. “C’mon, Pete!” He begins to work away, and makes a messy circle in the door. Eventually, the hole is cut, and the door falls inward.
     Clang.
     I crawl out after him and hold onto the wall as I feel wind rush past me. There is a door directly in front of me, but Hagstroe has other plans.
     “To your left!” he calls, and I see him grab onto a ladder. I climb up after him, feeling the wind rush even faster past me.
     I step onto the roof of the car. Looking ahead, there are a few others.
     We carefully tread through the night as we step onto the next car. The roof below me feels hard and coarse.
     The moon is full.
     “C’mon, Pete!” He’s running up ahead, and so I follow him.
     For once, I feel free.
     “Pete, I think this is the last car,” he calls back to me after a few minutes. Once I reach him, we both climb down the ladder.
     In front of me, I see the door to the conductor’s car. It shines brightly as it reflects the moonlight.
     “Ready?” he asks, looking at me. I nod in response.
     “3… 2… 1…”
     He rushes at the door and the sheer force knocks it open. The conductor looks back in shock.
     “Welp, no need for you anymore!” He grabs the conductor out of the chair, and, as I watch the man struggle, throws him off the platform outside.
     “That problem’s done,” says Hagstroe as he claps his hands as if to remove any possible dust. “Alright, Pete, you wanna drive?”
     “Sure!”
     I excitedly sit down in the seat. Multiple buttons and levers are in front of me.
     “Alright, Pete, just crank that notch forward,” he points at a gray lever in front of me, and so I do just that.
     The locomotive accelerates.
     “Now, Pete, are you excited to eventually arrive at the station?” he asks.
     “Yep!” I stare at the empty track ahead of me, the trees on either side being our only company.
     “Well, let me tell you something,” he kneels down to my level and puts his hand up to my ear.
     “There is no station.”
     “Oh, alright then. Well, I guess it’s fine-”
     He slams all of the buttons in front of me, and the car begins to charge faster.
     “Dude, what the hell?!” I look out the windshield in front of me, and then back at him.
     His pupils have become empty.
     Silence fills the room for a moment as I stare at him. Finally, he speaks. Slowly.
     “You don’t always get what you want in life, Peter.”
     He laughs, and then lunges at me.

[POV: TOBY]

     A soft hum fills the room as Luke digs in his pocket for his phone. After a moment, he takes it out.
     “Alright, you’ve got to watch this.” He shows me a video. It looks to be poorly animated.
     “Dude, what the hell is this? You come into MY house, to show me this utter BULLSHIT?!”
     “Relax!” He begins to laugh. “It’s just Optat’s Adventure!”
     “What the fuck!? This is worse than that one time Dean tried to rap a few years  ago! He called himself ‘Red Pen’. It was horrible.”
     “Hey, Toby. Hold on, let me try something. I’ve been thinking about this for a few days now, and I think I know how to tell if you’re truly over Bella or not.”
     “Okay…?” My eyebrow raises. “Continue.”
     “Well…” He swipes up on his phone. “Ah, hold on, Hannah’s calling me.” He puts his phone up to his ear.
     “Hey, baby! Aww! Hi!”
     What the hell is he doing?
     “Alright, ahem,” he becomes more serious after a few seconds. “Listen, I can’t talk. What? No, of course not! I’m at Toby’s house. Yes, Hannah. I’m still friends with Toby. Listen, I…” He stops talking for a moment, and occasionally nods. “Listen, I’ll get back to you later. Bye. Yes, I’ll talk to you later. Love you too.” After he hangs up, he walks back over. “Okay, take a listen.
     A melody begins to play. A melody that, although quiet, hits me harder than Gary Planker that one time when we were in first grade playing tag.
     I feel something form in my eye.
     “Hold on, dude.” He pauses the song. “It’s literally been playing for 15 seconds. He hasn’t even started singing yet. Just take a listen.” He taps the screen again, and the song resumes.
     “You’re like a sunset, baby…”
     Those first lyrics hit me harder than anything else ever has.
     “Luke, what is this?” I recognize it, yet, it feels so distant…
     “And I’m like a sunrise…”
     “WHAT IS IT?!” I’m on the verge of tears. He backs away when I lunge for his phone.
     “We go hand in hand…”
     “Luke! TURN IT OFF!”
     “Okay, okay, dude!” He pauses it. “It’s that song that you danced with Bella to back in seventh-grade! ‘Sunrise’ by George Prolocal, remember?”
     “Oh, oh yeah, I remember…” I look back at the ground.
     “I’m sorry, man. I didn’t think… maybe a bit of sadness at the most…”
     “It’s fine.”
     That night, the school’s silent. I tread through the dark hallways, trying to figure out what to do.
     Nothing of significance appears to be here.
     I think about where I’ve been so far. Kindergarten, first-grade, gym. A small handful at the moment.
     I hear a low noise from my left ear. It sounds like a mechanical whir.
     “Where is that coming from?”
     I follow the sound through the halls until I reach my destination.
     The stairwell.
     Thankfully, the door is unlocked. The sound leads me up to the second floor. As I walk up, I use the handrails and look outside the window. Dark.
     Once I ascend up a single floor, the whir is at its loudest point.
     Bzzzzzzzz.
     I’m able to stare into the window of the blue door, and I see the source of the sound.
     It appears to be a floating red sphere. It’s relatively large, about double the size of a large yoga ball.
     Then it turns around.
     A glowing, purple ring on the front of it stares at me. It glows brighter and then emits a noise.
     “💧︎♋︎❖︎♏︎ ❍︎♏︎.”
     At this point, I run back down the stairs and fling myself into the hallway.
     “What was that thing?”
     “Hello, Toby.” I can barely distinguish the dark growl as it floats behind me.
     “W… what the hell are you?” I shield my forehead with my hand.
     “Stare deep, Toby. ✋︎🕯︎❍︎ ⍓︎□︎◆︎❒︎ ⬥︎□︎❒︎⬧︎⧫︎ ■︎♓︎♑︎♒︎⧫︎❍︎♋︎❒︎♏︎.”
     I look into the purple eye, and a memory comes back to me.
     “Listen, Toby,” I’m in Tobito’s room, and I can hear the phone next to him. “I… I don’t know if I can do this anymore. You’re a nice guy, but… I don’t know if I can.”
     “B… Bella.” Tobito begins to shake. “B… Bella?”
     “Look, we’re going to dinner now. I don’t know though, Toby. I’m sorry.”
     “Bella!” His yell seems to ring out as I hear her disconnect the call.
     I hear him begin to cry.
     “Hey, Toby! Buddy!” I try to console him, but my hand phases straight through.
     “He can’t hear you.” I turn around and see a ghostly figure. “You’re on a separate plane from him. Or, of course, it could just be because you’re in a dream.”
     “Caleb, I feel so bad! I… I remember that moment.”
     “Well, Toby, you have to remember. This is a part of the past. Caleb floats over to me and lays his spectral hand on my shoulder. “C’mon, Toby, it’s time to go home.”
     At that moment, I jerk awake silently.
     “What time is it?”
     I reach over for my clock. It’s 5:00 AM.
     “Welp, that was… something.”

[POV: LUKE]

     I can’t think.
     I can’t write.
     Mr. Grale wants us to write about a narrative.
     But I don’t know what to do.
     Hey, I tell myself. If Optat’s Adventure somehow aired on television, then you can surely write a stupid essay.
     Except, it isn’t stupid. I LOVE writing. Just… not for school.
     Ever since Caleb’s death, things have been a bit more mellow in our group; well, that is except for Ed constantly ranting about Grace.
     He tells me that Bella wants to give Toby another chance at friendship. Except for the fact that he instantly lies to her face and tells her it isn’t true.
     What do I write about?
     As I’m thinking about this, my phone rings. It’s Hannah. I reach my hand onto the far side of my desk against the wall and grab it, bringing it up to my ear.
     “Hi, Hannah. How are you doing?” I greet her.
     “Luke… we need to talk.” I can hear her voice shake. “It… it’s important.” What could be more important than writing for Mr. Grale?
     “I… I just feel like you haven’t been giving me enough attention recently. I know that things have been hard and I understand, but-”
     I think to myself. I’ve been giving her PLENTY of attention.
     “Hannah,” I respond. “Just because I have schoolwork and I’m not able to talk all the time doesn’t mean that I don’t love you.”
     “I know, Luke… but… it’s your friends. Well, not all of them, actually. But Toby and Peter. They piss me off.”
     “But, why?” I can feel my eyebrows narrow. “What is it about them?”
     “I don’t know… they just don’t seem like nice people, Lukey…”
     “Listen, sweetheart,” I can feel my voice become more firm. “Peter hasn’t done anything. Sure, maybe he might not always be the friendliest person, but he tries. He’s been through a lot. And I have no idea what you have against Toby. If it’s because of Bella, then that’s a personal problem between them.”
     “Well, Lukey…” I feel her voice drift off. “I just… I just feel like he’s stealing you from me…”
     At this point, I’ve had it.
     “Listen, Hannah. I have to go, sorry. Talk to you tomorrow.” I hang up and get back to writing.
     “Luke, time to eat!” I can hear my dad call from downstairs.
     “One minute!” Think.
     Then I know what to do. Before I go downstairs, I write the title of my paper.
     “Picnic Table: A Tale.”

[POV: DEAN]

     Luke has his head down during lunch, occasionally shaking it from side to side.
     “Oh my God, why did I write about that? Mr. Grale is going to get so weirded out!”
     “It can’t be that bad, Luke,” Toby says to him. “What did you even write?”
     “Well, I wrote about the swingset, then the picnic table…”
     “What about the part where you called us fools and then hugged on the wood chips? I thought I saw one of you tear up…”
     Suddenly, Luke’s face turns to shock.
     “I… thought you guys were inside? I was looking through the window when we hugged, actively making sure that NONE OF YOU SAW IT! Toby, how the hell do you know about that?”
     “I… guess I’m really good at being sneaky?” I see him begin to lightly sweat.
     “No, I remember that moment clearly. And I remember that you guys went to the other side of the school… or at least, you were walking down the hallway…”
     Later on, I’m on my way to health class when Toby suddenly runs up to me.
     “Dean. Dean.”
     “What, Toby?” I look at him in confusion.
     “The thing about Luke and Hannah hugging… I… I saw that in a dream.”
     “Well, I mean, you were walking with us in the moment; I still remember it. Maybe you just randomly dreamed it; after all, that wouldn’t have been the most unexpected outcome for that moment.”
     “No, but Dean, you don’t understand. I saw the WHOLE moment. Every detail. The swingset, the picnic table, us hiding in the bushes. I saw it all vividly.”
     “Hm…” I put my hand up to my chin. “Alright, Toby. I have an idea.” I take out a piece of paper and a pencil. “Look away, alright?”
     “Got it.” He runs ahead down the hall, and I put the paper up to the wall and begin to write a random series of numbers.
     0139485726. Ten digits in a random order. I slip the paper deep inside of my backpack.
     “Alright, Toby,” I catch up to him in a hurry. “If you can truly see the full story in your dreams, then surely you’ll be able to know what the paper says.
     “I don’t know, man…”
     “Okay, whatever. Onto health we go.”
     In health, our teacher explains to us the process of setting goals.
     “Why is this a health class thing? It’s completely random!” I whisper to Toby.
     “Ha! My goal is to get a girlfriend.”
     “Make it more achievable, buddy.” He looks at me with his face scrunched.
     “Okay, fine. I want to show the world my music.”
     “Wow, Toby.” I smirk. “I actually have a similar goal; I want my art to be nicer.”
     “Hey, Dean,” he responds to me. “That’s actually realistic. My music, though… That’ll be tough. Imagine if I got it uploaded relatively soon, so everyone could jam out to it at the dance…” He drifts off. “Imagine being at the dance and Romance in Italy comes on.”
     “Crazy thought. But, maybe achievable! Well, you’d have to do your research and everything first…”
     I’ve always enjoyed drawing and painting. It’s always been relaxing for me. A thing I can do to escape the drama that is reality.
     I check my backpack to make sure the paper is still there, and continue brainstorming my goal.

[POV: TOBY]

     The gift of innocence. That was always a nice one to have, until it was taken away and burned to the ground back in seventh or eighth-grade.
     However, I shouldn’t really be complaining. I’m lucky to have the people and things that are in my life. A great family, supportive friends, games, passions, hobbies…
     Some other people aren’t so fortunate, though. Peter’s mom left them a few years ago, and hasn’t really contacted them at all since.
     Maybe she felt the need for a new start.
     Maybe it’s like one of those stories where the lady meets a new guy at work and they run off together.
     I read a post about that on a forum once. It was pretty depressing.
     “So, Ed.” I tell my friend as we’re sitting together after school on a bench outside. We both stayed after school for extra help, and I’m waiting for my mom to pick me up. “How’s life?”
     “Well, Toby, it’s pretty much the same. But, I’ve got some not-so-great news for you.” I look at him and he’s frowning. “Bella says that she hates you.”
     “Oh…” I feel a lump form in my throat. “Well, I mean… what else would I have really expected, Ed?” I stare at him harder, and my eyebrows fall inward. “Why did you have to reinforce a fact that I already knew? I was just starting to get over her, and you have to remind me of it!” I stand up. Calm down. “What’s wrong with you? What’s wrong with ALL of you? I don’t want to be a part of this drama anymore, Ed. Why can’t we just live peaceful lives?” I hope that my various hand gestures express my emotions as I say this to him.
     “I don’t know, man.” He stretches his arm out further onto the top of the chair. “I know, it’s a shame. I thought that she was starting to accept you again.”
     “Well, Ed, maybe, just maybe you’re lying!”
     “Now, Toby, why would I ever lie to you?”
     “Fair point, fair point.” I start to walk back and forth, quickly. “Oh well. Not all stories have happy endings, I suppose.”
     “Yeah…”
     That night, I’m not at the school In fact, I have no idea of where I am.
     The room is filled with darkness, and I can only hear a faint buzzing.
     I stand up and feel the ground below me. It’s rather rough, and feels paved.
     I begin to walk around, looking for something; anything. However, after a bit of walking forward, I see a light from above, shining down onto a staircase.
     Ah, so I’m in the basement.
     I walk up the steps and, instead of exiting at the first floor, keep walking.
     The second floor is locked again. Thank God that creepy eye isn’t there.
     The eye. What WAS that thing?
     I continue to the third floor. After jiggling the handle and feeling the door shake, I decide it’s of no use.
     Yet, there is still one more floor up the staircase. I had never remembered seeing a fourth set of stairs when I went to this school, so this seemed odd to me. Maybe I just never noticed them?
     I climb up and reach the top of the stairwell. A metal door similar to the others awaits me, only, this time, there’s no window to look through.
     To my surprise, it opens with relative ease. I walk out and hear it slam behind me.
     The night sky is directly above me, as is the road and town around me.
     Am I on the roof?
     I continue walking until I see a shadow on the ground.
     A circular shadow. In an instant, it clicks, and I run back for the door.
     “Oh, Toby,” I hear the voice growl behind me, but I do not look. “Don’t you want to stay with me?”
     I turn around and see the eye glow. It slowly begins to float over.
     I stare off the edge of the building, examining any escape route. I can hear the eye approach, and so decide to take my chance.
     I jump off the building and land on the grass. Surprisingly, a hit this hard did not wake me up.
     “Toby, come back! 👍︎□︎❍︎♏︎ ♌︎♋︎♍︎🙵 ♋︎■︎♎︎ ◻︎●︎♋︎⍓︎ ⬥︎♓︎⧫︎♒︎ ❍︎♏︎📪︎ ⧫︎□︎♌︎⍓︎✏︎”
     I run away from the school as fast as I possibly can. The eye’s laughter grows fainter and fainter as I get farther away.
     I look behind me as I run, and, in the process, miss a piece of paper which hits me in the face. I grab it, turn back around and look down at it to see what it says.
    “What’s real anymore?”
    At that moment, I’m saved by the beep of my alarm clock.

[POV: DEAN]

     A rattlesnake shakes its tail as the wind disperses some dust. The sun shines up from above; if you look at it, your eyes will melt.
     The city lies not far away from here. Most of this planet is desert, except for the city. It’s the only place here that rains, as well. They have to take in ice just to be able to have water to drink.
     The city is home to billions of inhabitants. It’s one of the busiest places in the solar system.
     We zoom out of the city to reveal the desert surrounding it.
     Then, a harmonica kicks in as a cowboy begins to tell his tales of this land. Eventually, the camera makes its way to a small desert town. The cowboy leans against a tavern, and as the view zooms in, he tips his hat.
     “Alright, Dean,” Toby says to me. “Interesting world you have there.”
     I’ve always been interested in worldbuilding like this. It’s been fun to let my imagination run free.
     I stand against Toby’s door as he sits down in his chair and swivels over to his keyboard.
     He plays a song. It starts slow, just a few chords. Then it changes. And changes. And changes.
     “Bravo, Toby. What’s the name of it?”
     “Thanks, Dean.” He looks off to the side. “I call it ‘Distant Settlement’.”
     “Y’know, Toby.” I look over at him, and then think about the world again. “The planet I’ve created, that… that’s kind of distant. And, the song seems like it would fit well there.”
     “Hm… Dean, you might be onto something. Well, I’ll tell you a secret.” He rolls across the room to me. “I’ve been wanting to make a professional recording and get it uploaded, and maybe-just maybe, have it played at a dance…?”
     “Ambitious, I see. But, that would be cool. After all, I can play the guitar. Maybe we could do a collaboration or something?”
     “Yes, Dean!” His eyes widen. “Let me ask around to see if anyone would want to help.”
     The next morning, I follow him into the school. He approaches Luke first.
     “Well, Toby,” he responds to the request. “I don’t know if this would be the best for what you’re looking for, but I’m able to mix and change sounds. I can do effects or audio stuff if that’s what you’re looking for?”
     “So, sound mixing?”
     “Pretty much.”
     “Hell yeah, dude.” They high-five. Luke is a DJ?!
     “Look, Toby…” says Peter when we ask him. “I… I’ve never played an instrument.”
     “We’ll get back to you later, buddy. There’ll be something you’ll be good at, don’t worry.” Toby does a quick turn around and we walk away.
     He doesn’t even bother to ask Ed.
     “Wait.” Toby stops. “There’s one more person I want to ask.”
     “Sure!” Mia says after Toby asks her. “I do chorus. I could sing, maybe?”
     “Always adds a nice effect,” Luke responds. “We’ve got a band!”
     “I’ll organize more of the details later,” says Toby. “Stay tuned, gang.” With that, he slides back into the distance while pointing finger guns. His shoes don’t even squeak.
     “Look like you’ve got some competition, Luke.” I laugh.

[POV: PETER]

     “Okay, guys. Let’s build for real this time.” I’m carrying the blueprints for the third time in a row as twigs crunch below me.
     After distributing each copy to each person, I walk a bit downstream to my old structure. Well, he built most of it. But still, I’ll surely be able to make something, even if I’m not as good as… he… was.
     I still miss the guy.
     Dean walks over and begins to set up a few yards away from me.
     “You looked like you needed company, Peter.”
     I can hear Ed, Luke and Toby laughing about something in the distance.
     “So…” Dean points to the other side of the stream. “That’s… his?”
     “Yep. He was always the best builder out of all of us.” I pick up a sheet of wood next to me and begin to dig a hole to stick it into. This will be a wall. I look over and see Dean observing my tactics.
     “I made my blueprint last week. It isn’t as complex as what yours looked like, but hopefully it’s a start,” he comments. I decide to begin building the new one next to the old one, rather than tearing it down.
     “Hey, Dean, good progress,” I say after a little while. I’m still working on laying the base of my first wall while he’s already almost done with the back one.
     Not long after, he gets all of the walls nailed in. I watch as he lays and fastens in the ceiling pieces. Now, to be fair, one would have to crawl to get inside and would barely have enough space, but it still works.
     “Do you need help, Peter?” I look at him.
     “Sure, Dean.”
     He helps me fasten each and every board to one another. Eventually, the other three walk over.
     “Hey, guys. We’re leaving. Do you want to come with us?” Ed asks.
     “We’ll keep building. Thanks, though.”
     Dean calls his mom and I text my dad that we’re going to be staying late. At this point, we’re already halfway done.
     The sun is already about to set, but we’re building the ceiling.
     “What was it like here a few years ago?” Dean asks me.
     “Ah, Dean. Well, Caleb… was here, obviously.” A tear forms in my eye, but I quickly brush it away. “We just talked about life and stuff, I guess. Obviously, we were far away from Luke and Toby, so we were basically on our own.” Dean slows down his motions.
     “I… how did you react when he told you guys?”
     “Well…” I look at the old structure. “Check the mail slot.”
     I see him read the first letter. Then the second one. Then, finally, the third one.
     Wait. The third one?!
     “Dean, don’t-”
     “Oh, man, Peter. I… I… Jesus, I don’t know what to say. I-I… It must have been harder for you than it was for us.”
     “It was… and, I know we were only in fifth or sixth-grade, but…”
     “I won’t tell anyone about this, Peter. I promise.” At this point, I feel multiple tears come to my eyes.
     “Why did he have to die, Dean? He… he..” My face feels flushed and I can feel the tears streaming down.
     “Hey, Peter, just listen to the stream. Breathe, Peter.” I calm myself and hear the trickling of the water. It’s soothing.
     At this point, the sun has set. I don’t live too far away, though, and Dean’s mom trusts him to bike home.
     The sound of crickets fills my ears as I stare into Faith Creek.
     “Now, c’mon, Peter. Let’s finish this building.”
     We work our absolute hardest to finish nailing. the rest of the boards on. At one point, I check my phone. It’s only 7:00.
     “Well, Peter, the sun does set at, like, 4:30 most of the time.”
     Finally, the work is done.
     “I can’t believe we did that in a matter of hours. Well, a few years ago we were told to go a lot slower; after all, we were younger.”
     “So, who’s going to build…” Dean points across at the dark shell.
     “I’ll do it next time we come back, Dean.”
     We sit down next to the structure and stare into the water. I can hear mosquitos all around me.
     “It’s… cold.” Dean wraps his arms around him.
     “One of the fun parts about fall, I guess.”
     The creek almost seems as if it’s glowing brightly. The stars shine from above.
     After sitting there for a few minutes, I feel as though I can hear something. As if I can hear him.
     It’s going to be alright, Peter. Keep going.
     Dean and I stay there for a bit longer, and then finally start to head back.
     The other three aren’t done, but they’ve made some progress.
     I look back one more time at the building that once was a companion to my own.

[POV: ED]

     I’ll be honest, I’ve never liked this holiday that much.
     I mean, sure, I am thankful. But it’s just kind of… boring, I guess.
     “So, Ed,” says Dad from the passenger seat. “Are you excited to see your cousins?”
     “Yep.” If there is one good thing about this Holiday, it’s being able to see them.
     “Now remember, Ed,” my mom tells me. “Be polite to everyone, okay?”
     “I know, Mom.”
     A few minutes later, we arrive at my uncle’s house. Some people are sitting outside, surrounding a firepit.
     The gate creaks as I go to open it, but I leave it open so my parents can enter.
     I walk up the walkway until I hear a voice.
    “Hey, Eddie! How are ya?”
     It’s Rickie.
     He’s another one of the fun parts of Thanksgiving for me.
     Okay, so maybe I don’t hate Thanksgiving that much.
     “Hi, Uncle Rickie,” I greet him as I walk over to the pit. Sitting to the side of him is my cousin Leo.
     “Yo, Ed, what’s up?” He smiles at me.
     “Hey, Leo.” I’m about to turn around when I hear another greeting, though this one was more reluctant.
     “Hi, Ed.”
     I see my cousin Lauren sitting off to the side in another chair, her arms folded. Although she and Leo may be twins, they’re basically nothing alike.
     “Oh, uh, hi, Lauren.” I give her an awkward half-smile and watch as she stares at me with daggers.
     Leo and Lauren are a year older than me, and I see them often. We’re all very close.
     Well, except Lauren and I, of course.
     I enter the house and wait for my parents. As I’m waiting I can hear them chatting with Rickie outside.
     Peter and Dean are already done building at Faith Creek. Luke, Peter, and I made some progress, but not nearly as much.
     They also stayed for a few hours later than we did.
     I didn’t see any progress done on Caleb’s structure. I wonder if one of them will rebuild it.
     “Hi, Ed!” Uncle Doug, the homeowner, walks through the doorway, holding a glass of soda in his hand. His hair may be gray, but he’s still as lively as ever. “Are your parents here?”
     “They’re outside, I think.”
     “Wonderful.” He, too, joins everyone.
     “Ed Francis, get over here!”
     I look through the doorway and see Grandma sitting on a couch in the bordering room. I run over to her.
     “You’ve gotten so big, Ed.”
     Thanks?
     “How are you, Grandma?” I decide to make talk.
     She adjusts her glasses and then speaks.
     “We’re doing great! Isn’t that right, dear?” She motions over to Grandpa, who’s sitting on a couch on the other side of the room. He, too, smiles at me.
     “How’s school going, Ed? Is your first year serving you well? Made any friends?”
     “I’ve made a few. It’s going well.”
     “Nice to hear, Ed. Nice to hear.” At that moment, I hear a bell jingle from over at the door. Mom and Dad walk inside.
     “Charlene,” Grandma beckons to my mom. “How are you?”
     “Oh, hi, Mom. Things are great. Ed, did you say hello to your grandparents?”
     “He sure did!” Grandpa says to her. “Grant, how’s work going?”
     “It’s going good, Louis.” My dad sits down in a chair next to Grandma, and the three of them begin to talk about work stuff.”
     I walk back outside to talk to Leo again.
     “Hey, Ed! I just remembered! Last year, you said you’d have a girlfriend by now! So do you? Do you, Ed? Or are you still just a lonely virgin?” Rickie scolds him for this last sentence, but Leo keeps grinning at me.
     “Well, Leo, it… it’s complicated.” I think about Grace. Why can’t she just listen for one second?
     “Ah, maybe next year then, my guy.” He stands up and walks over to me. “C’mon, let’s go on an adventure. I’m bored.”
     We walk around to the other side of the yellow house to the backyard. A bouncy house is set up.
     “Since when was Thanksgiving so fun?!” He stares at it in shock. “Damn. The little guys are in there.” He walks up to it and looks through. “Guys, get out.”
     “Nah, Leo.” My little cousin, Joey, blows a raspberry at him. He’s only in third-grade, I think.
     His brother, Sam, stumbles over to him and laughs.
     “Alright, whatever. You guys are chill, I guess.” Leo looks back at me and waves. “C’mon, Ed. Time to bounce.”
     We slip off our shoes and I dive into the bouncy house. Joey and Sam are having a fantastic time being launched up into the air whenever Leo or I bounce.
      “So, Ed,” Leo bounces high and does a flip. “What’s it like being an only child?”
     “Normal, for me at least. My friend Luke doesn’t have any siblings either.”
     Leo has two siblings: Lauren, and their older sister Ally. Unlike Lauren, Ally is actually really nice to me.
     “Alright, you younglings, get ready for this.” Leo does a backflip. Joey and Sam cheer him on and applaud him in the process.
     “So, guys.” Leo gathers us in the middle. “I’ve made up a game. Only someone with the sheer brainpower that I possess could think up something this brilliant.” He winks at me. “Basically, you guys have to run around here. If you hit a corner, you have to go in another direction; whether that’s back the way you came or diagonally. You can’t stop running and you have to run in a linear fashion like I just described. If you collide with someone else, you’re both eliminated.”
     “Isn’t that dangerous?” Joey asks.
     “It’ll be fine.”
     Before we even start, I hear a voice shout from outside.
     “Leo, you are not playing that game.”
     “Aw, c’mon, Ally.” He slinks down to the inflatable floor in disappointment. “Why not?”
     “One of you is going to get a concussion if you 100% abide by those rules you just said. You ain’t playing it.”
     “Fine. C’mon, Ed.” We exit the bouncy house and slip our shoes back on. As we’re walking away, I feel my phone vibrate from my pocket.
     It’s Luke.
     I decide to wait on checking it and follow Leo back to the front of the house. Rickie and his wife are talking to one another, as are Lauren and Ally.
     “Hey, Ed.” Uncle Doug is standing along the wall near the firepit. “Your mom was telling me about how you and your friends are doing a woodworking project or something?”
     “Yeah, it’s nothing, really-”
     “Y’know, I just want you to know that that seems cool. I wish I was that creative when I was your age.” He walks back inside.
     “Ooh, what’s this project, Ed? Are you making a wooden heart for your invisible girlfriend?” Leo walks right up to my face.
     “Nah, it’s… well… it’s a long story.”
     “C’mon, Ed, tell us!” Ally’s now listening as well.
     “So, basically, they tried this once a few years ago but never completed it, so they’re restarting but with the addition of me and another friend. Pretty much, we’re each building these tiny structures next to a stream in the woods. They’re not that big, but, still. It’s fun.”
     “Neat! Building your own town by the river, I see.” Ally laughs. “Sounds cool, though.”
     “You should send us pictures when you’re done, Ed.” Leo stares at me with curiosity. “It sounds, interesting.”
     “But… why?” Lauren is still sitting in the same chair as when I arrived. “What’s the point?” I see Ally lightly smack her on the arm.
     “Well, they actually had another friend there the first time around, who… well, first he moved away, and then… he… let’s just say, he’s passed on.”
     “Oh, I’m so sorry, Ed!” Ally stands up and walks over. “Let them know that I offer my condolences.” Lauren goes silent.
     “It’s nice that you guys are doing that, Ed. I assume it’s kind of in memory of him?” Leo’s face is showing more emotion than I’ve ever seen.
      “Yeah, something like that. Two of them are already done.”
      “Fast builders.”
     Eventually, Leo and I move on from the topic of Caleb and decide to go for a walk.
     “So, Leo. Do you have a girlfriend?” I see him look at me in shock. I’ve outsmarted you.
     “Well, you see, Ed, I would answer that, but… it’s classified information. He bolts down the street.
     “Get back here, yo!” I sprint after him. “You can’t just do that!” He eventually slows down not too far ahead, and I catch up.
     “N… no. I don’t,” he says while panting and catching his breath.
     “Haha”. I point and laugh and make him no that he is in no way superior to me.
     We spend the next hour or two doing fun things: rolling on skateboards down the (rather steep) road, shooting hoops, and other small yet delightful things. At one point, Leo becomes hungry.
     “Ed, want to go eat now?”
     “Sure.”
     We go inside and walk over to the kids’ table. Lauren, Joey, and Sam are already seated.
     “Hey, Ed, listen, I… I’m sorry about that. I…” Lauren actually feels sorry for once?
     “Don’t worry about it. You didn’t know.”
     After eating turkey, I begin to experience the side effect.
     “Guys, I think I’m… sleepy.”
     “That’s the placebo effect, my friend.” Leo suddenly picks up his cup of ice-cold water and spills it on me. “Now you should be wide awake!”
     “What the hell, dude?” The other three are laughing while my eyebrows begin to turn inward. However, after a minute or so, even I, drenched and freezing, am laughing as well.
     After dinner, we go back into the bouncy house again. There’s a speaker next to it, which Leo plugs his phone into.
     Lots of great songs play, at least for the first fifteen minutes or so. Most of it is just aimlessly bouncing in place, but it’s still fun.
     “Yoo, let me call my friend!” At this point, the sun is down. I get Toby on a video call, where he first tells me that he’s back home from his grandparents’ house.
     “Yeah, meet Leo! Leo, get over here!”
     “Yo, Ed told me a bit about you. He also told me about how he likes the same girl as you.”
     “He did what?”
     “Yo man, I’m joking, I’m joking!” That was CLOSE.
     “So, Ed, Luke keeps showing me that awful show,” Toby looks through at me with a blank face. “It’s so bad. At this point, I don’t know if he’s watching it ironically or if he actually likes it.”
     The song that’s playing ends, and suddenly, instead of another bopping rhythm coming on immediately after, I hear something fade in.
     “Whoops, sorry, man. I think I selected this one by accident.” Leo is about to walk back outside, but I stop him.
     “Wait. Toby, are you okay?” Toby’s face has suddenly fallen, and I hear him sniff a couple of times.
     “Yeah, Ed, I’m… fine…”
     “Ugh, this is that song by George Prolocal,” says Leo. “Are you sure you don’t want me to turn it off?”
     “Leave it on for a minute, Leo. Toby, what’s wrong?”
     “It’s just… that song.
     “You’re like a sunset, baby…”
     Toby’s crying now.
     “Man, lighten up, dude!” Leo comes over to the phone again. “This is Thanksgiving, not a time to be sad!”
     “I’m sorry… it’s just that this song…” Toby’s voice cracks.
     Wait. This is a slow song.
     “Leo, when was this song released again?”
     “I think a few years ago.”
     This makes more sense.
     “Toby, relax. Even if this-and I’m assuming this is the connection it makes-brings back memories of Bella, it shouldn’t make you this emotional. You might want to listen to it a few times on your own; build a tolerance.
     “Yeah, you’re probably… right, Ed. I have to go.”
     “Alright, see ya, Toby! Have a good Thanksgiving, dude!” Leo calls over from the other side of the bouncy house.
     “Bye, Toby,” I say to him.
     “Ed, are you alright, man?” Leo bounces back over to me.
     “Yeah, I’m fine.” At this point, most people have left, and it’s just my family, Leo’s family, and Uncle Doug’s family, most of whom I spoke with earlier in the day.
     “Alright, man.”
     “Leo!” I can hear his mom call from nearby. “We’re going!”
     “Alright, one second, Mom!” He turns back towards me and puts his hand on my shoulder. “Listen, Ed. Whatever it is that’s bothering you, just try to get through it. And remember, take pictures when you’re done with your buildings! I expect to see them before Christmas!” He runs outside and slips on his shoes. As I hear his footsteps hit the grass, I pick up one last call from his voice.
     “Happy Thanksgiving!”
     “Happy Thanksgiving, Leo,” I say, quietly. “Happy Thanksgiving.”

[POV: LUKE]

     “Ay, Tom!” I put my hand out and lean against the wall as he comes walking by. “Wanna join our band?”
     “Hey, Luke. I don’t know how to play any instruments and I don’t really want to start now, if that’s okay. Keep me updated with any news about it, though! I wanna hear you guys play!”
     “Alright, will do,” I say as he continues walking. I had texted Ed last week, but he never responded.
     “Francis, get over here,” I say as I grab Ed’s arm. “Did you not see my text?”
     “Uh, I forgot to.” He scratches the back of his head. “What did it say?”
     “Well, I wanted to see if you were interested in joining our band.” When I say this, he begins to laugh.
     “Look at Beethoven over here! So…” He joins me in putting his hand on the wall. “What is this for? Are you guys trying to learn how to play music?”
     “Well, partly, but we also want to eventually upload some songs.”
     “Good luck with that, Luke. I don’t know how to play anything, but I’ll listen to your music and give feedback.” I walk back over to Toby.
     “Alright, when and where is our first meet?”
     “It’ll be at my house. I’m still making the parts for the song.” He stares up at me. “Well, there’s only one song right now, but maybe we can develop more?”
     “Perhaps, but we should probably take this one step at a time first. It’s the last week of November, so maybe we can have it by the beginning of December?”
     “Alright, December 1st. Saturday.”
     “Sounds like a plan, my friend.” As I stand nearby, I can hear Peter and Toby discussing something.
     “Toby,” he says, “I literally don’t know how to play anything.”
     “Ask your brother or dad if they know any music.”
     “I mean, I can try.”

[POV: PETER]

     Growing up in a less-than-pleasing financial situation, I’ve never really had the chance to try out any instruments. Xavier has never played anything either, I’m sure of that.
     When I hear Dad’s car pull into the driveway that night, I walk into the kitchen and wait.
     “Hey, Dad?” He’s just come into the house.
     “Hello, Pete. Need something?”
     “Yeah, I was wondering if… if you knew how to play any instruments.” He probably doesn’t.
     “Hm…” he scratches at his chin. “Well, I don’t, but my friend does.” He walks over to the table and sits down. “You’ve met him before. He has a daughter who’s in your grade. John Eris; he used to actually play the drums in a band years ago.”
     “Oh, neat.” Do I really want to disrupt this man’s day just so I can learn an instrument?
     “But, what is this for?”
     “Well, the guys created a band, and I want to play something but I don’t know any instruments.”
     “Ah. Well, I can give him a call, maybe he’ll be willing to teach you a thing or two.”
     “Alright.” No pressure.
     The rest of that week goes by mostly smoothly. Toby and Luke spend more time organizing the band, which will have their first practice on Sunday. No real drama arises, surprisingly.
     On Saturday, we go back to Faith Creek.
     “Alright, guys,” Luke takes charge. “We’ve obviously been slacking a bit, so we’ll finish ours today. As for you two,” he motions to me and Dean, “well… I think you already have an idea of what should happen.”
     I nod my head at him.
     Dean and I walk down the stream and look down to it.
     “So…” he begins..
     “Caleb…” We both say it in sync. Someone will have to do it.
     “I’m going to guess that you probably want to do this by yourself,” he says to me. “I’ll go talk to the other guys and help them.”
     “Alright.”
     I cross over to the other side and walk along Faith Creek until I approach it. The texture is coarse, just as it had been a few weeks ago. The wood appears to be rotting away, as well.
     Caleb.
     I decide that I want to rebuild it as a copy next to the original, just as I had done with my own. I pull out the blueprint and inspect it.
     He should be the one building this.
     I begin to follow the instructions and build it bit by bit. Each snail and plank is pieced very carefully. I make sure that the wall is perfectly aligned and smooth it out with sandpaper afterward. Behind me, I can hear Ed’s laugh some distance away.
     I don’t know what it is. For some reason, I’m actually somewhat productive with my time with this one compared to my own.
     Even the ceiling plank, I make sure to align perfectly.
     I’m done. And surprisingly quickly, as well. I did it.
     It’s not even that late; it’s only taken a couple of hours to build it.
     Should it not have taken this long? Am I extremely inefficient?
     I walk over to the others. Ed and Toby are done, and Luke is making his finishing touches.
     “Now,” he says. “It’s probably going to snow sometime soon, so I’ve brought these tarps to protect the buildings.” He hands out the green covers one by one. “Go sheath thy structures.”
     I walk back down the stream and eventually make it back to our buildings. I first get the tarp secured to my own, then do the same to Caleb’s on the other side.
     I miss you, buddy.
     “We’re done already!” Luke is surprised when everyone makes it back. “And to think it took a while a few years ago…” He drifts off into thought. “Well, Ed told me that his cousin requested pictures here. So, let’s take some!”
     We each take two pictures at our respective buildings; one with the builder and one without. Once I finish mine up, I look back over to the other side.
     I wish he were here.
     I take a picture of it with nobody in it, and then Dean gets one with me in it. Since I’m the one who built the replica, I technically qualify as the builder.
     He hands me my phone back and I view the pictures. The first one actually looks pretty great with the lighting and resolution. Then I look at the second one.
     It’s almost as if he was standing next to me as I took it. I know he wasn’t, but it almost felt that way.
     Later on, I sit at the table next to my dad while we wait. Then, as I’m about to say something, the doorbell rings.
     Ding!
     Dad opens the door, and I look at John. He has black hair and brown eyes. He’s a tall man; taller than anyone in my family.
     “Thank you for coming, John.” My dad walks in with him.
     “Oh, no problem, Jeff. Hey, Peter. Mia told me all about the band.”
     “Yep. I think the first meeting is tomorrow.”
     “She said that. Hold on; let me bring something in.” He goes back out to his car, and a few moments later enters back inside holding a snare drum.
     “Alright, Peter…” He sets it on the table and opens the stand. “So, you want to learn percussion?”
     “Yes, sir.” Sir? What am I thinking? Do I not know how to talk to people?
     “Alright. So, first, read this. Wait, I need something else.” He runs back outside, and soon enough returns with a black music stand. “Okay, this is good. So, read this.” He puts a sheet on the stand in front of me.
     “Mr. Eris? I… I can’t read that.”
     “Ah, yes. Okay, hold on. So, basically…” He begins to explain the basics of the notation. Eventually, something clicks for me.
     “Wait, let me try it… “
     I play the line, making sure to play the notes at the correct lengths, as well as waiting on the rests.
     “You’re a natural, Peter. I would teach you other parts of the set, but Mia says that your friend is able to put other sound effects in. However, if you want to learn them, I’m happy to help.” He’s about to leave but then says one more thing. “Oh, and… I haven’t played this in years, so it's unlikely I’ll need it for the time being. Keep it with you.”
     “Thank you, Mr. Eris! I’ll make sure to keep practicing!”
     “Thanks for everything, John,” Dad says as he puts his coat on. “We really appreciate it.”
     “No problem, Jeff. And, Peter, good luck with the band. I can’t wait to hear your music eventually.” He leaves the house and closes the door behind him.

[POV: DEAN]

     I strum the guitar once again and feel the strings vibrate as my fingers make impact.
     Suddenly, my doorknob wiggles.
     “What do you want, Calvin?”
     My ten-year-old brother proceeds to enter the room.
     “Just wanted to hear you play.” I sigh and pick up the guitar again. Toby had sent out digital copies of the sheet music earlier today, so I’m trying to practice it.
     Distant Settlement.
     The song starts slow, and I only have to really shift my fingers through a few frets for about the first minute or so. However, after that, it speeds up, and quickly.
     “Nice job.” He jumps off of my bed and runs back down through the hall. At the corner, I see him grab onto the banister and fling himself to the left. Didn’t even close the door.
     When I knock on Toby’s door, Carter opens it almost immediately.
      “They’re in the basement.”
     I step inside and walk over to the basement door. Even as I’m walking down the stairs, I hear a hi-hat.
     “So, Mia,” I can hear Peter say. “Your dad… tell him that we really appreciate this. I can’t believe he dropped off the whole set today!”
     “Well, you seem pretty good at it.”
     I turn the corner and see everyone. Mia has a microphone in front of her, Toby’s brought his keyboard downstairs, and Peter has a fully-assembled drum set in front of him. Luke is off to the side, sitting down at a gray desk with a rather modern laptop set up in front of him.
     “So you guys really made this into a studio, huh?”
     “Ah, there he is!” Toby stands up from the plastic chair and turns around. I loosen my grip on the guitar.
     “Here’s your part, Dean.” He hands me my sheet music.
     “Holy shit! This thing has so many pages! Why is it so long?”
     “Oh, yeah. I’m planning on splitting it into a couple of parts.” He walks over and stands in front of me at an awkward angle. “First…” he puts his finger up, “it’s going to be space-themed. I’ve got an electric piano sound effect on my keyboard. It starts with the slow part, then a completely new section. Then, the fast part that you heard before-instead of sounding Western, that’s also going to be Sci-Fi-like as well.” I can barely comprehend what he’s saying, but I continue to try. “Then, we have the slow part once again-but this time, with the harmonica and guitar sounds, and a NEW section-”
     “Toby, I’m sure I’ll understand better when we play.”
     I walk over to Luke and peer at his monitor. He has some editing software open.
     “Oh, hey, Dean,” he lifts the right headphone cup off of his ear. “I’m doing sound stuff.”
     “Neat.”
     “Peter!” he calls over to Peter. “We might have to turn your volume down when that’s done. We need to be able to hear our rather talented vocalist.” He motions toward Mia, who smiles nervously. “Wait, hold on. Phone call.” He reaches down into his pocket and pulls out his phone.
     “Yes, hey, sweetie! Yes, yes, no- I’m at Toby’s house! Yes, of course, I still love you!” I stare back at the other three, who are all giving me the same look.
     This doesn’t sound healthy.
     “Yeah, okay, so it’s me, Toby, Dean, Peter, Mia Eris- yes, Mia. She’s friends with Toby. What is your problem? No, no, I’m done with this conversation right now. Bye.” He hangs up and shoves his phone back into his pocket.
     “Uh, Luke?” Peter takes his foot off the hi-hat. “What the hell was that about?”
     “Nothing. Nothing at all.”
     “Luke?” Toby looks at him, his eyebrows raised. “Do you-”
     “We’re getting sidetracked right now. We have a song to perform.”
     Due to this being our first rehearsal, things go… not very satisfactory, to put it simply. Mia, while hitting the notes well, is too quiet for any of us to hear easily. Peter, although very impressive for less than 24 hours of playing the drums, still needs some work. I’m not perfect, either; I fall out of sync with the others, and the rhythm gets confusing. Toby is the only one who really knows what he’s doing. Meanwhile, Luke has a slight frown, but continues to play around and understand the software.
     “Alright, guys,” Toby says after a few attempts. “Obviously, this is our first meet. We need to practice more. It’s getting late and my parents are probably going to tell us to stop soon, so I think we should wrap up for tonight. Bring your music with you.” As I’m leaving, I watch Toby, Luke and Mia assist Peter in bringing the drumset upstairs. He and Mia must be carpooling.
     Right as I’m about to go to sleep that night, I hear my phone vibrate. I check it to see a text from Luke.
     “Bad news, guys.” It’s in a chat with him and I, as well as Peter.
     “What?” I text back.
     “It’s about Ed.”

[POV: TOBY]

     As Luke, Peter, Dean and I walk around the track during gym class, I can feel myself begin to shiver. Why are we doing this in December?
     “So…” Luke, almost as if on cue, begins to speak. “Ed and Grace got on better terms again.”
     “Really?”
     “Yep,” says Peter. “But, there’s an issue. You see, Ed wanted to be a man of humor the other day, and…”
     “Well,” says Dean. “Toby, you trusted Ed with a lot of stuff, right? Including text conversations with Bella?”
     “Yes…?” Why are they asking me this?
     “Well, what if we told you that Ed showed Grace, Bella, and a few others some of those texts?” We slow to a stop. What?
     “Well, for Bella, that’s sucky. For Grace, that’s-why? You can’t be serious, right?”
     “Keep walking!” I hear the gym teacher call from far back, and so we follow his order.
     “What the fuck? Luke, what happened?”
     “He may or may not have told me about it right after I got home from our practice yesterday.” I feel a tear form in my eye. Why would he do this to me?
     Luke shuffles over to me and pats me on the back.
     “I know it’s hard, Toby. To be honest, I, too, am done with his bullshit. There’s something else I need to-”
     “Don’t tell me anything more!” I sprint ahead and make a turn on the track. I trusted you, asshole.
     “So, Ed,” at lunch, Luke looks up at him. “That was a crazy story that you told me last night!”
     “W-what?” He begins to sweat. “What story?”
     “Get the hell out of here, Francis.”
     “No. Why should I have to leave?”
     “I… trusted you, Ed.” I turn to him. “W… what did you tell them?”
     “Okay, listen, listen,” says Luke. “Fine, you can stay. But tomorrow, we’re having a huge discussion about this.” His eyebrows narrow. “We all are.”
     Breathe, Toby. I can’t think. I don’t know how I’m able to sleep; yet, somehow, I find myself back inside of a dream.
     This room is rather large. A polished, brown, wooden floor stays below me.
     I’m back in the middle school gym.
     “Plaus.” I turn around to see, against a mat on the opposite wall, none other than Caleb. “Y’know, this place always kind of sucked.”
     “You’re telling me!” I begin to laugh. Then I remember; he wasn’t here for seventh or eighth-grade.
     “Toby, I know what happened inside of this gym.” I notice that instead of being a ghostly fellow, he’s actually in his normal form. However, he looks different than the last time I saw him, a few years ago. He looks older. “I’m inside your mind, aren’t I?”
     “So, you can see… everything?”
     “Precisely. Including that cold January night in seventh-grade.”
     “Caleb, I… I…” He begins to walk up to me. Normally, I wouldn’t bat an eye at a dream like this, but it’s obviously that something’s wrong.
     “Hey, man, it’s okay. I had myself a love as well… well, I used to, before I died.”
     “Y’know, Caleb…” he’s almost walked all the way up to me. “For a dead person, you seem pretty chill about it.”
     “Well, I mean, it’s not that bad watching your memories. It’s almost like I’m you.”
     “Here’s the thing, though,” He begins to walk in the other direction, at the same pace that he had walked up to me. This place smells like sweat. “I mean, maybe it’s interesting enough, but… it’s not the same as living, y’know? Your memories already happened, and although some are entertaining to watch, it’s all just… predetermined. It’s not like when I was actually alive.”
     “You’re right,” I say to him. “There is something… special about living in the moment. Even things like a stupid school dance or a silly birthday party can have a huge impact. Even just a simple song, a smell, a sight. It can hit back home.”
     “Exactly!” He claps and then points his finger at me, then sulks back again. “But, it’s kind of… boring.”
     “Well, Caleb,” I say to him. “I’ll try to make it as fun as possible. Hold on, let me try something…”
     C’mon, work… 
     I watch as the sky outside the giant windows becomes dimmer and dimmer, until, suddenly, it stops.
     “Let’s watch this one together, Caleb.” Him and I race outside of the gym and see cars pulling up.
     “Look! There’s your mom’s car, Toby!” We both watch as Tobito, Peter and Luke leave the car.
     “I call him Tobito. Like, tiny Toby.”
     “Nice idea,” Caleb turns towards me. “Then, Tobito it is.”
     A line has formed within the next couple of minutes, and Caleb and I watch as Dean briskly sprints down the sidewalk. He looks rather mischievous at this moment.
     “Ayyyyyy, Toby!”
     “Oh, here we go again,” I look at Caleb.
     “C’mon, let’s explore the school.”
     The middle school brings back memories as well, though not necessarily good ones.
     We walk down a few short hallways, and in a couple of minutes we’re in the cafeteria.
     “I remember when we used to eat lunch here,” he sighs and looks back at me. “It wasn’t as good as elementary school, though.”
     “Yeah, those were the really good days.”
     We skip around the school, exploring our sixth-grade classes.
     “Wait.” I check my watch. 8:45. “Caleb…” I can see his smile fade a bit.
     “What?”
     “The big moment. It’s about to happen.” We jog back down the hallway, and make a sharp turn into the gym.
      I spot Luke pushing Tobito over to Bella.
     “Heh, this one was always a funny moment…” I look at him and feel something come over me.
     “Toby,” I can see him go white. “Are you okay?”
     “Yep, I…” Suddenly, my legs give out and I tremble on the floor.
     “Get up.” He reaches his arm out and I grab his hand. After being pulled up, I still continue to shake. Violently.
     “Caleb, I… I miss that night. I miss when things were easy. I miss you, Caleb.”
     “I miss you too, dude. But, don’t worry. We’ll see each other again one of these nights. Maybe we can rewatch Luke and Hannah kissing, heh.”
     “Yeah.” I wipe a tear from my eye.
     “You’re probably going to wake up in a minute. I’ll be watching you-I mean-Tobito- dance with Bella. See you around.”
     I can barely wave to him before my alarm goes off.

[POV: LUKE]

     “So, Ed,” I beckon to him at the lunch table. “Mind explaining what happened?”
     “It-it was nothing, really.”
     “Don’t lie to us, Ed.”
     “Okay, fine. I may have… well, I possibly showed a few girls a couple of the texts with Toby and Bella.”
     “And why exactly did you do that?” Toby suddenly sits up. I motion for him to get back down.
     “Well, I-I don’t… I wanted to be funny in a way, you know?” He lets out an awkward laugh.
     “Ed, causing drama is not funny. How did they react?”
     “Well…” his voice becomes quiet. “Bella just stared off into space, Grace started to laugh, and-the other friends that were there-we were in the center of town-they kind of, well… it was confusing.”
     “The only thing that’s being confusing right now is you, Ed. From what I can gather, this was awkward to all parties involved, was it not? Ed, what’s come over you?”
     “Yeah, dude, you’ve been kind of a dick,” Peter says, his voice shaking due to the long period of silence that had come before.
     “Look, guys,” he takes in a deep breath. “I… I want people to… like me, you know? And I guess that this clearly isn't the way to do it.” He drops his head to the table. “I… I’m sorry, Toby.”
     “I… I think that we need a bit of a break, Ed. Just for a bit.” Toby’s voice is even more erratic than Peter’s.
     “Ed,” I say to him after lunch as we’re walking to math class. “Listen, I’m going to try to remove all of my bias. Why the hell did you do that to him?”
     “Luke, I don’t know.”
     “Yes you do; or else you wouldn’t have done it.”
     “I said it at lunch! I was trying to be funny. I showed them some of the rather… dramatic messages. The cute ones.”
     “Listen, Ed. Those were between Toby and Bella only. He trusted us with them because he knew we wouldn’t tell. He definitely needs some time, and you need to seriously reconsider all of this.” We’re silent as we walk, until I remember something else.
     “Oh yeah, and you trying to tell Bella that Toby hates her? Well, guess what. He doesn’t.” I walk faster and hear him behind me.
     “Luke! Wait!”
     “What do you want now?” He picks up his pace and begins to walk next to me again.
     “Listen. I think I can… make it up to him. I… oh, I probably won’t be able to. I understand, Luke.” He drops his head.
     “Seriously, though, ever since that Halloween incident with Tom, you’ve kind of been going downhill. Is there anything wrong?”
     “Peer pressure, I guess.”
     “Ed, I don’t want to sound like a narcissist, but you know that we’re better than some of those guys that you want to impress. Now, c’mon, let’s go.” We continue our walk to math.

[POV: DEAN]

     What to draw…
     Everyone’s sketching about in art class, and the sounds of their pencils infiltrate my ears.
     On my right, Simon Docks, a sophomore is forming the basis of what appears to be some sort of mountain. Upon noticing me staring, Simon looks at me and adjusts his glasses.
     “I always thought that mountains looked cool. What are you doing?”
     “I have no idea.” Think.
     I draw my first line across the bottom of the paper. Soon enough, inspiration comes to mind.
     I draw my first cactus; the beginning of a grand desert. As I add more and more to the terrain, an ecosystem seems to gain life. In the background, I draw the city, represented by a few buildings.
     Each cliff and each dune are drawn with careful precision. Soon enough, it actually is beginning to look like something.
     I take a paintbrush out of the water can in the center of the table and lightly tap it in the yellow paint.
     Our sand.
     After painting the rough edges of this sand land, I wash it off, next going for gray.
     Our buildings.
     I make sure that the texture of each building looks as detailed as can be, and then wash it off once again.
     Green. Our cacti.
     I do this for every color, until I finally finish painting the sky.
     “Not bad, Dean.” Mr. Slowden has his hands behind his back as he rounds the corner of the table. “Is that supposed to be a desert?”
     I nod, and, after giving me a smile, he continues walking.
     “Interesting.” Simon examines the painting, and I, in turn, look at his. He isn’t finished with everything, such as the sky, but the mountaintop looks clear and snowy.
     “Yours looks good, Simon.”
     “Thanks, Dean.”
     Once art is done, an announcement suddenly comes over the loudspeaker in the hallway.
     “All freshmen to the auditorium, please.”
     I sit near the back with Toby on my left and Peter on my right. Luke and Ed are a couple of rows behind us.
     “Why are they-”
     “Luke says that everything’s under control,” Peter interrupts. “I don’t know what they’re talking about up there, but I trust that he can figure everything out.” Luke and Ed appear to be whispering about something.
     “Hello, freshmen,” Mr. Randé walks out onto the stage with a microphone in his hand. His brown hair is neatly trimmed. “Now, before anything else happens, I need a volunteer.”
     Luke, being Luke, raises his hand into the air. High into the air, in fact. He’s practically standing.
     “Yes, you!” Mr. Randé points up towards him. “Come on down!” Luke walks past Ed and exits on the right side of his aisle. He begins to walk towards the front of the auditorium, making sure to shoot me a wink on the way down.
     As he steps up onto the stage, Mr. Randé approaches him.
     “What is your name, young man?” He points the microphone toward Luke.
     “Luke Donahue.”
     “Ah, Luke. What a nice name. I knew someone named Luke once; he was a humble fellow. Now, then.” Mr. Randé turns to face the audience, and then back at Luke. “Luke, are you aware of the talent show coming up?” I’m too far away to see, but I assume that Luke begins to sweat at this moment.
     “Uh, no, sir.”
     “Well then, it looks like someone’s been living under a rock! Fear not, however, for I have all of the details right here!” He pulls a remote out of his pocket and presses it while facing towards the wall behind him.
     “Talent show,” he reads from the slide projected onto the wall. “It’s in two weeks, for all of you who haven’t heard about it yet. Well, almost three. Friday, December 20th! Be there… or be square. Now, Luke, we need another volunteer. Mind picking one out for us?”
     Luke scans the room, and on the edge of my vision I can see someone jumping up and down. Probably Hannah.
     However, he looks straight ahead towards the three of us.
     “Toby.”
     I pat him on the back as he stands up and begins to follow the path that Luke took.
     “Now, Toby,” Mr. Randé says to him as he climbs onto the stage. “First of all, you should’ve used the stairs; however, I will make an exception. Second of all, what talents do you have?”
     “Well…” Toby begins to think. “I can play the piano.”
     “Well then, Toby. Would you like to demonstrate? There’s a piano right over here,” he points to a piano which is half-hidden from me by a curtain. “That is, only if you want to.” Luke whispers something in Toby’s ear, and the latter looks back at us.
     “Sure.” Toby walks to the other side of the stage and sits in front of the piano. What is he going to play?
     “I… actually made this one myself.” Toby plays a C chord, and Peter lets out a sigh from next to me.
     Yes, he’s about to play Distant Settlement.
     I don’t think that Mr. Randé expected a song over a few minutes, but Toby plays all seven or eight minutes of the song. Upon finishing, a few people let out an applause.
     “Well done, Toby. I… that was actually pretty good. What do you call it?”
     “Distant Settlement.”
     “Now, folks, if you want to display levels of talent like that, come to the talent show!” Luke and Toby come down from the stage and back up the aisle.
     “I think…” Toby says to me as we’re walking back through the hall, “that that might’ve been one of the most stressful moments I’ve experienced in awhile.”
     “Well, it sounded nice.” We split off and go to our different classes.

[POV: TOBY]

     “Alright,” I tell myself and take a deep breath. I’m laying on my bed and wearing headphones, with my phone to my side. “Let’s see what you’ve got, Prolocal.” I tap the screen of my phone, and put my head back.

“You’re like a sunset, baby…”
“And I’m like a sunrise…”
“We go hand in hand…”
“So, baby, let me be your man.”

     My face begins to shake.
“We’ll go on adventures together,”
“Through the shores into the sea.”
“And every time I take a look at you,”
“I’ll remember how lucky I am to be me.”
“Your eyes are like white crystals,”
“And your hair is smooth as can be,”
“But even with all of this,”
“Your passion is what fills me with glee.”

     “I can’t do it.” I pause the song and stare back up at the ceiling. C’mon, Toby. Be strong.
     I’ll try to listen to this song some other time; right now, it’s effect is too great. I feel my tears eventually dry up, but my face remains red.

     I miss you.
     It’s not even in a romantic way anymore, is it?
     I just want to be your friend again.
     It was going so well, Bella.
     Where did I go wrong?

[POV: PETER]

     “Hiya, Pete!” Hagstroe tips his fedora to me. “How are you?”
     “You… what… happened last time?”
     “What do you mean, ‘last time’? Maybe it was another dream about me that you’re talking about, Pete.”
     “You…”
     We’re not even in the train car this time. Instead, we’re in a small room.
     “Okay, Eric, where are we right now?”
     “Peter, we’re in my apartment! Hey, sit down!” I follow the command and relax on a nearby couch against the wall.
     “Nice place though, I’ll admit,” I tell him. “Very modern.”
     “Thank you! Would you like something to drink?”
     “Sure. Can I have a glass of water?” I raise my head and look at him in the kitchen section.
     “Yes you can, indeed! One water, coming right up!” I look around the apartment. There’s a TV not too far in front of me, which is in front of a window overlooking the city below. I don’t know which city in particular, but the buildings stand tall in the daytime. Away from me, on the other side of the apartment, is the kitchen part that Hagstroe is standing in. It’s not that big, but it appears to house multiple shelves and appliances. Down the wall from there are two doors, spaced apart.
     “One of those is the bathroom,” he says, noticing me staring at it. “However, since you’re in a dream, you might want to stay away from it.”
     “Right,” I respond.
     “The other one is my bedroom. Don’t go in there.” After a moment, he has the glass in his hand, filled to the brim with water.
     “Hey, Peter,” Eric hands me my water and motions for me to stand up. “Look at the city with me.”
     I walk over to the window where he’s already dawdling, and investigate the streets below. There appears to be traffic.
     “Things are always alive here in New Cangopode.” So that’s where we are. “Named after a city in England, I believe. Apparently, that city was named for its mighty founder, Duke Cango. Interesting fun fact, yes?”
     I see a billboard in the distance, which reads: “Optat’s Adventure: Season 2”.
     “My friend won’t shut up about that show,” I tell him, then take a sip of the water,
     “Yep. I’ve heard that the reviews for it weren’t great; I wonder why they would want to make a second season.”
     “Hold on.” I stop for a moment and begin to listen closely. “Do you hear that?”
     “Hear… what?”
     “It sounds like a… voice.” I can hear a woman’s voice somewhere.
     “Eric!” It’s quiet.
     “Ah, you must be hearing things, Peter.” Hagstroe leans against the wall next to the window.
     “ERIC!” It calls again.
     “One moment, Peter.” Hagstroe clenches his fist and walks over to the bedroom, slamming the door behind him. I can barely hear his muffled voice over the honking of traffic below.
     “Now, you listen here, you-”
     A scream rings out.
     “Listen here, you fucking bitch. I’ve worked my ass off so you… what the hell…” I hear the shattering of glass.
     Afterward, the sound of what sounds like an explosion fills the apartment. My ear rings for a moment, and I spend a few seconds wondering how that didn’t wake me up. I can hear people frantically running around in apartments below, and, sure enough, a few minutes later, someone knocks on the door to the apartment.
     Hagstroe still hasn’t left his room.
     The knock comes again, but louder.
     I begin to breathe faster, and do the only logical thing that comes to my mind: jump out the window.
     The glass shatters upon ramming into it and I plunge down into the streets below.
     When I awaken after impact with the street, I feel that I really have to use the bathroom. Quickly.
     “Shouldn’t have drank that water,” I tell myself, and exit my bed. I grab my phone to use as a flashlight on my way to the bathroom.
     The hallway is dark and silent. As I’m walking back to my room, I hear an extremely faint sound of… crying?
     “Lily… Lily…” 

[POV: LUKE]

     “Yeah, well, you may not like them, but they care about me!” I throw that last remark as I begin to walk away from her.
     “Well, you know what, Luke? I’m done!”

     Life.
     Life is confusing, is it not?
     Sometimes you say things that are untrue, just out of spite.
     Sometimes, you may long for their presence, even if you were in the right.
     That one person can make a difference.

     That Wednesday was a rather tough day.

     “Well… I… I’m done, too!”
     Why couldn’t I have just tried to communicate better?

     “Luke, you need to get out of the house.” It’s Saturday now, and I’m laying on my bed.
     “Why, Mom?’
     “You’ll feel better. Get up.” I force myself to stand up and go downstairs.
     Guess I’ll hang out with someone. I call Toby.
     “Hey, man,” I can hear his voice over the phone. “How are you doing?”
     “Not great… My mom told me I needed to get out, want to go somewhere?”
     “Uh, yeah… hold on…” I hear the phone being put down for a moment, then he eventually picks up again. “Alright, I think I know something that’ll cheer you up. How about we all go to Cloud Corridor tonight?”
     “I don’t know…”
     “C’mon, Luke. All of us. You know that Ed and I have made up. Well, not completely, but mostly.”
     That is true. Toby still doesn’t fully trust him, but they got past it.
     “Okay, okay.” After asking my mother and being granted permission, I eventually wait at the bottom step of the staircase for Toby’s mom to pull up.
     The sun is already setting at this point. It leaves behind a pink and orange glow in the sky.
     Eventually, the car pulls up. I run along the path, and as I approach I can see Dean motioning for me to go around to the other side.
     “Hey, Luke,” Mrs. Plaus greets me as I enter the car.
     “Hi,” I return, politely. Toby is in the front, and Ed, Tom, and Peter are in the back. So you invited Tom. The more, the merrier.
     Out of nowhere, a song begins to blast on the radio of the car.
     “Toby, what…”
     “Luke, just watch.”
     “You’re like a sunset, baby…”
     “He’s gotten over it,” I can hear Peter say from the backseat. “He’s gotten over the song.”
     “I… remember when Hannah and I danced to this song.” Suddenly, the song stops playing.
     “Oh, yeah,” Ed consoles me. “Sorry about that, man. You were better off without her, anyway.”
     “He’s still grieving,” Dean turns around to face him. Tom has an eyebrow raised, for he does not understand what exactly is going on. The car picks up speed and the first few minutes of the ride go by.
     “You’ll be okay, Luke,” someone says. My brain, being only half-alert, forgets to process who exactly said it.
     “I hope so.”
     “What?” Toby turns around.
     “I said, ‘I hope so’.”
     “You hope what?”
     “Y’know, that…” Everyone is looking at me. “Did nobody say anything?”
     “Nope.” Strange.
     Cloud Corridor is fun; at least, compared to everything else going on at the moment. However, it is more of the same as it was two months ago. Fun, but nothing extra unique.
     As Mrs. Plaus pulls out in front of my house, I notice a bike on the road.
     Her bike.
     I say goodbye to everyone and am about to run to my door when I see someone in the dark.
     Her.
     What is she doing here?
     Hannah’s at my porch, looking in through the door. I see her scarf lightly blow with the occasional gust of wind. Her hair flows as well; quietly. Ominously.
     I begin to wonder if she’s going to ring the doorbell; however, she almost immediately turns around.
     “Oh.”
     “Uh, hi.” I’m about to let out an awkward smile, until I remember the circumstances of my current situation.
     We stare at each other, her scarf still blowing in the wind, my hair barely being moved by it. A silence ensues for a moment.
     She closes her eyes.
     “Luke.”
     “Hannah.” At this point, I can hear her breathing. My eyes are closed now as well.
     However, after only mere seconds of this, something wet touches my nose.
     We open our eyes at essentially the same time, and look up into the night sky above.
     It’s snowing. The first time this year.
     “Luke, I don’t know what was going through me…” Her words begin to drift off. “I…”
     “Listen, Hannah. You know that those guys… They’ll always be my friends. They’ll always be there for me…”
     Another silence.
     “Luke, there’s something I feel like I have to tell you…”
     “What is it?”
     She approaches me. At this point, we’re about halfway up my walkway. I notice each snowflake hit the brick path and melt, one at a time.
     “First-grade. Chad Jafen. We were together for a bit. He dumped me.”
     Another period of silence.
     “I know I was really young, and that that probably didn’t count as ‘love’. But Luke, he left me behind almost instantly.”
     . . .
     “I… I just fear for that, Luke. I’ve always been afraid that I’ve never been good enough for you.”
     . . .
     “I’ll be better, Luke.”
     . . .
     “I’ll be the best, Luke.”
     . . .
     “I’ll be the best girlfriend that I can be, Luke.”
     Even with the scarf covering her mouth, I can see into her light brown eyes.
     She knows.
     “Come here, Hannah.” I pull her into a hug. Tears fall from both of our sets of eyes.
     “It’ll be okay, baby. I promise.”
     “Luke, I don’t know how I can make this up to you.”
     “Well, have you thought about what you’ve done?”
     She squeezes again. I’ll take that as a yes.
     “Look, it’s dark outside. Do you want me to help you get home?”
     “N-no, Luke. I can manage it.”
     “Listen, Hannah. I think we’ve both learned from this recent experience. I forgive you.”
     “T-thank you, Lukey. I love you.”
     “I love you too.”
      As I step inside, my dog, Casper, immediately pounces on me. He feels like cotton.
      “Hey, buddy!” I go in for the ultimate petting.
      I love you.
     From my room, I stare outside. At this point, the snow has picked up, and is covering more area than before. I watch each and every tree gain a light, sparkly coat over time and then look up into the sky. The stars twinkle.
     Even the moon is out, in all of its full glory.
     I’m just happy that things were able to work out.

[POV: TOBY]

     “Luke, have you checked out the software any more?”
     “I have indeed, my friend.” He spins around in the chair and gets back to exploring it.
     “Alright, band. It seems that we’re all improving here. And, nice on the drums there, Peter.” He hits the sticks together, as if to praise my compliment.
     “It’s just strange, Toby,” Dean says as we’re helping Peter bring the drums back up. “Mia used to seem like one of the quietest people in our grade; now, you guys are talking all the time.”
     “I think that could be because we actually know each other now, Dean.”
     “You bring up a fair point.”
     “Anyway, are you doing anything for the talent show?”
     “Nah, all of my talent is art-wise.”
     “Well, I think I have an idea of what to do.”
     “Toby,” he looks at me. “Are you going to play a song?”
     “Yes, but it’s not one you’ve heard before. Hold on, stay for a bit after everyone leaves. I’ll play it for you.”
     Soon enough, the drums are gone, as are Luke, Mia, and Peter. Dean is waiting in front of the keyboard.
     I play a new song for him. Like all of the others, this one has a time of 150 BPM. It switches between the key of D#, to G, and even gets to C Minor.
     “Wow, Toby,” Dean says to me once I’m finished. “That’s really catchy. What’s the name of the song?”
     “Well, let’s just say it’s dedicated to someone…”
     “Toby, this better not be Romance in Italy 2.”
     “Nah, it’s not. It’s not dedicated to Bella.”
     “Okay! Just tell me the name.”
     “I call it… Hartrov.”
     The day goes on, and, shockingly enough, I eventually have to go to sleep.
     An unknown source of light nearly blinds me once I fall back into my dream world. Only, this time I’m not at my school. In fact, I have no idea where I am.
     Wherever I am, it feels nice. The light source warms my cheek as I sit on the grass below me.
     “Greetings, Plaus.” It’s only now that I finally open my eyes.
     I’m seated on a hill, and that bright light is the sun. Only, it’s big.
     It’s turned the sky orange.
     There are other hills nearby as well, only, they’re not as brightly illuminated as mine.
     I turn around to see a single tree on this hill; a lonely swing hangs from it. Finally, I look to my right, and see what appears to be a small house.
     “You look miserable, Toby.” Caleb walks in front of me while holding a sun hat; he’s wearing one as well. “Put this on.”
     I take the hat and put it on my head. That feels better.
     Caleb sits down on my left.
     “So, what exactly is this place?” I ask.
     “I created it myself, Toby. It’s a rather peaceful spot I’ve been to a few times; in your mind, that is.”
     “Well, it’s gorgeous, Caleb.” I watch him pick the grass in front of him, then stare into the sun.
     “So, that eye.”
     “Yep. What about it?”
     “It’s just… strange, that that thing randomly appears. Like, what the hell is that about?”
     He plucks a dandelion from in front of him and seemingly throws it into the sun in front of us, locked in its setting position forever.
     “Toby, I think I may have an idea on what that thing actually is.”
     “What is it?”
     “You have to wait. You aren’t ready to learn yet; you don’t know the full story, Toby.”
     “Caleb, you’re literally inside of my mind.”
     He turns and looks at me.
     “Oh, I know, Toby. Which has given me time to explore. And that still doesn’t change the fact that you aren’t ready. But you will be eventually, Toby. Just not yet.”
     He straightens his own hat and stares straight into the endlessly-setting sun. I stare in after him.
     “We’ll see each other soon, Toby.”

[POV: ED]

     “Ay, piano boy!” Someone I can’t identify shouts to Toby as we’re walking down the hall. He shoots back some finger guns.
     “Seems like you’ve gotten a bit more attention lately, huh?”
     “Yep, I have.”
     “Now, are they being ironic, or do they genuinely like your stuff?”
     “Who cares, Ed? Either way, this is just a bonus.”
     Just a bonus.
     What a humble guy.
     “So,” he turns back to me, and I look him in the eyes.
     “Luke.” We both say it at the same time.
     “Honestly, I can see the miscommunication,” he says. “I’m just glad that they were able to work it out; though, I still never understood why exactly Hannah thought that Peter and I were bad people.”
     “Could she be holding a grudge?”
     “Well, we sort of ruined their ‘special moment’ back in fifth-grade, so that could be it.”
     “Ah, maybe. But it’s been four years.”
     “Yeah, I don’t know.”
     “Toby, there’s something I need to say to you.” We’re almost at history now; I’ll need to make this quick. “I’m sorry if I’ve been kind of an asshole recently… it’s just, how do you guys do it? How has your group stuck together for so many years? And none of you even strive to be popular?”
     “Well, Ed.” He smiles at me. “We’re loyal to each other, and after having supported one another for all these years, our bonds aren’t going anywhere.”
     I look at him and blink a few times.
     “So, you never look for popularity?”
     “Nah. I mean, it’s not like I’m not on good terms with any of the popular kids; I respect them for their goals, and I can only hope that they respect me for mine.”
     “Damn. Inspirational.”
     After class, I notice a certain song playing in the hallway.
     “You’re like a sunset, baby…” Toby, who’s standing next to me, freezes in place.
     After a few seconds, however, he begins walking again.
     “Ed, I got over it. Remember?”
     “Yes, you have. Alright, let’s keep going.”

[POV: PETER]

     Times used to be simpler.
     Caleb used to be alive.
     Mom used to be part of the family.
     But, I guess that all good things must come to an end.
     I still remember one time at Toby’s beach house, a few years ago. We had just gotten back from the beach.
     “Alright,” says Luke. “Watch this!” He proceeds to do a flip in the air right before crashing into the water.
     “Darn, look at you, Luke,” Toby says, slowly clapping. “Hold on, let me try.” Toby then tries to replicate Luke’s jump, but only ends up with a belly flop.
     “Alright, alright, alright,” I say, steadily. “I’ll do you one better.” I make my running start over to the pool, and, as I jump, go into a diving position.
     Sploosh.
     “Peter, you’re good at this.” And, I was good at it. For once, I felt like I had accomplished something on my own, not being overshadowed by Luke.
     But, being shadowed by Luke is probably at the least of my problems right now.
     I haven’t dreamt about Hagstroe since that last time. And that worries me.
     Are these dreams supposed to mean something?
     On Saturday, it’s Luke’s birthday. However, we do not celebrate with him; he’s out doing something with Hannah.
     So, Dean and I decide to go back to Faith Creek.
     On our way there, it begins to snow lightly. However, since I am properly dressed, this isn’t an inconvenience for me.
     “Peter, I… can you tell me about how you and Caleb met?”
     “We were only toddlers, and the story goes that we apparently became friends quickly.”
     “And, what about… the other thing?”
     “That started in fifth-grade. Y’know, if he were still here, it probably would’ve continued on, if I’m being completely honest.”
     “I’m so sorry, dude. He was always a nice guy.”
     At Faith Creek, I inspect Caleb’s structure.
     “You did a good job building it up,” Dean says from behind me.
     “He would’ve done better.” I get back up and turn around to face him.
     “Peter,” Dean walks over to my side. “You built this. And you did a good job doing so. I’m serious.”
      “Thanks, Dean.” I look at him and smile. “That means a lot.”

[POV: TOBY]

     The band meets again on Sunday.
     “Alright, guys,” I say after our first couple of attempts. “I think we’ll be able to record sometime relatively soon. You’re all making surprisingly good progress.”
     “Yep,” Luke encourages them. “Wait, Toby.”
     “What?”
     “How are we going to soundproof the room for the recording?”
     “Okay, there’s a few ways we can do this,” I say. “First option: ask everyone to be quiet upstairs. That’s the most likely to work. Our second option would be to ask everyone to leave the house for a bit, but, considering that this song is, like, eight minutes, that probably won’t work. We have many more Sundays to do this, Luke.”
     “That is fair.”
     The week passes by, and I don’t have any more dreams. However, I have been working on something in the background: Hartrov. My schoolwork isn’t too hard, though there is a somewhat worrying announcement:
     Midyear exams are next month.
     The school year hasn’t been that hard on me; in fact, I’ve oftentimes been able to finish my homework before the class even ends that day, or the next morning. It’s not necessarily a good strategy, but it works.
     However, with exams, I’ll have to spend more time studying.
     This shouldn’t be too hard, exactly; it’ll just give me less time to do the things that I want to. But, I am in high school now, so I should’ve seen this coming.
     Eventually, Friday rolls around, and with it comes the talent show.
     My mom drops me off at the school at 6:00. She had suggested I bring sheet music for my song, but I’ve memorized it by now. When I walk through the school doors, a teacher instructs me to go into the auditorium.
     I spot Mia in there, talking to her friends. So, I do the only logical option and walk over to her.
     She’s talking with Megan Ke and Samantha Handupe. However, upon sight of me, they begin to laugh.
     “Is that your boyfriend, Mia?”
     “No. Ha, ha.” I see her turn red as she lets out that awkwardly fake laugh. “We’re just friends. Hey, Toby. What’re you going to do tonight?”
     “I’m going to play a song that I created. What about you?”
     “Neat. I’m going to sing a song. This song still holds up in my opinion, even though it came out a few years ago. So that’ll be fun.”
     Before I get the chance to ask which song, Mr. Randé steps onto the stage and makes an announcement.
     “Alright, welcome to the third annual Yopton freshman talent show! There’ll be a lot to go through tonight. Follow me into the hall, and when I call your name, rehearse your act on stage.”
     We follow him out of one of the side doors and enter the hallway, where I wait against the wall. Tom is there, holding a stack of plastic cups.
     “Trying to make a tower as fast as possible,” he says to me. Eventually, the line begins to move.
     “Thomas Lake,” Mr. Randé calls out. A minute or two later, I hear an audible gasp from the crowd.
     “That was impressive, Tom! How long have you been practicing that?”
     “Awhile,” I can hear him panting.
     “Toby Plaus,” my name is called.
     “Alright.” I walk onto the stage and spot the piano behind a curtain. I pull it out to the center of the stage.
     “So, you are doing something with the piano after all, Plaus? Well, let’s see if you’ll be as talented as last time!” Mr. Randé encourages me. “And let’s hope it’s not as long as last time.”
     The small audience goes silent, and I play Hartrov.
     “Very good, Toby!” Everyone claps after I finish. “Just wait until you do it in front of all of the parents!” It takes a bit longer until everyone finishes, at which it is about 6:45.
     “Alright, our guests will show up at around 7:00,” says Mr. Randé. “So, remember. Have a good time out there; don’t sweat it. Now, positions, everyone!” He claps and we all go back into the hallway.
     “You sounded good in there, Toby,” Tom says as he stands next to me.
     “Thanks, Tom. I’m sure your cup stacking will impress everyone.”
     We all become silent as I hear the first voices of parents from inside the auditorium.
     “Shit, Tom, I’m kind of nervous.”
     “Don’t sweat it, Toby, you’ll do great out there.”
     Tom gets called out onto the stage again, and, like before, I can hear the crowd gasp and then cheer.
     “He’s a natural!” I can hear a shout from the audience.
     Mr. Grale, who’s one of the assistants of the night, comes over to me.
     “Your turn, Toby.”
     I step inside and the crowd goes silent. I try to look for my family in the audience, but to no avail. However, I do see Luke and Dean sitting near the front.
     Then I see her.
     Bella.
     She’s looking at me; however, I don’t think she knows that I can see her.
     I sit down on the piano and play a couple of notes to warm up. Then I start.
     As I play Hartrov, I notice how interesting I’ve made it. For one, there’s a lot of repetition; however, it doesn’t take away from the song. In fact, it almost makes it stronger.
     Once I finish and everyone claps, I go sit in the section of the auditorium dedicated for those done with their acts. I watch the rest of the show; it’s kind of interesting. Some girls do gymnastics and form a pyramid at the end. A couple of guys perform magic tricks. But then, they announce the last act of the night.
     It’s Mia.
     She comes onto the stage and takes the microphone from Mr. Randé.
     “Thank you all.”
     And then, she begins to sing.
     “You’re like a sunset, baby…” I should’ve guessed that she was singing Sunrise.
     However, she sounds amazing. Her voice is beautiful. She puts so much passion into every line of the song.

	“Baby, you’re a gust of wind
     On a melting summer’s day
     And although you may make me nervous sometimes
     My heart will show me the way-ay.”

     The crowd has joined in as well at this point. People are rocking from side to side. Some even have their flashlights on, moving them with the beat.

	“You’re something special, baby…
     And you’re like… a sunset…”

     She sings the last lines of the song, and practically everyone gives her a standing ovation.
     “Toby, are you okay?” Tom is standing right next to me. And, it’s at this point that I realize I have literal tears in my eyes.
     “Yes, Tom. It’s just… her voice… the song… everything.”
     Eventually, I compose myself and wipe off my face. Although I try to search for my family in the lobby of the school, they find me first.
     “You did good, Toby,” Carter walks over to me. “So, you made that yourself?”
     “Yep.”
     “Hey, nice job, Toby!” Dad pats me on the back. My mom also compliments my performance.
     Outside, she begins to talk about the rest of the night.
     “That girl at the end, though. That was spectacular.”
     “Yeah…” My mind drifts off as we cross the hard, cracked pavement. My dad presses a button on the car key and the blinker lights up. As we’re walking towards the car, I turn around and see Mia and her family entering theirs. Then, I see Bella, standing alone. She gives me one last glance; a smile, and then quickly runs to catch up with her family.
     “Toby, you coming?”
     “Yeah, Carter. One second.” I see Dean and Luke walk over to me.
     “Toby. First off, that song was amazing,” says Luke. “What was it called?”
     “I named it ‘Hartrov’.”
     “I bet Caleb would have loved it, Toby. But, Jesus, Mia at the end there.”
     “I know. It was godlike,” I say. Suddenly, Dean’s expression turns to worry.
     “We noticed you crying at the end there, Toby. Was everything okay?”
     “Oh, yeah. That was just because of… Mia’s singing. It was just… perfect. She took George Prolocal’s work, and made it thousands of times better.” We chat a bit more and then part ways.
     I run back over to my car, where the door is already open, and hop in. Thinking about what Luke said, I repeat his line in my mind.
     Caleb would have loved it.

Part 2
Snowflake Whirlwind

[POV: TOBY]

     It’s a wonderful seventh-grade day, and school has just ended. My legs shake violently below me.
     C’mon, Toby, you can do this.
     I walk slowly down the hallway with Luke.
     “Toby, you’re going to do great.”
     “I don’t know, man.” I suddenly begin to tremble.
     “Hey, hey! Calm down. You’re fine.” He pats me on the back.
     “YO, TOBYYY!!!” Derek Flados, an eighth-grader, shouts to me from down the hall. “GOOD LUCK ON YO DATE, MAN!” Some snickering follows.
     “Well,” Luke says, turning around, “Maybe you shouldn’t have posted about it everywhere. But we all make mistakes! Now get out there!” He’s right.
     I can do this.
     I begin to pick up speed and accelerate down the hall, eventually flinging right through the doors and outside. I begin to search the outside of the school for her, but then see her near the parking lot.
     “Oh, hi, Bella.” My hands do a bit of a shake as I approach her. “How are you?”
     “Hey, T!” She turns around to face me, and the smile on her face grows. “I’m so excited! I can’t believe we’re actually doing this!” She begins to literally jump with joy. Seems like she’s handling this better than I am.
     “I… I…” Remember the advice your friends gave you. Suddenly, the shaking stops. “You know what? I can’t wait either.” I run up to her and give her a big hug. I turn around and give one last look at the school as we walk away.
     Until next week, old friend.
     “Toby, I… I’ve liked you for a couple of years now,” she says as we walk our way to the center of town. “I’m just so happy that you feel the same way.”
     “Bella, of course I do! I’ve liked you since third-grade!”
     She’s wearing some fluffy earmuffs and a scarf, while the most I have on is the sweatshirt I bought in New Cangopode and a light coat. A bit chilly out.
     Suddenly, Bella shivers.
     “What is it?”
     “It’s just… cold, that’s all.” Her hands are in her sweatshirt pockets. It’s at this moment that I realize that she’s not wearing a coat.
     “Here, one second.” I unzip my jacket, take it off, then reach it out to her. “Put it on.”
     “Oh, Toby, you don’t have to…”
     “Bella, I’m fine. Put it on.”
     “You sure?” Her eyes look into mine.
     “Positive.” I feel her take the jacket from my hand, and watch as she puts it on herself.
     “That feels better. Thanks, Toby!”
     I look down at the sidewalk below me as we make our way through town. It looks as if it’s been recently repaired, and some fallen leaves lay on the ground. At the same time, more leaves are falling. This is a November day, after all. Leaves fall.
     Finally, we turn onto the road that takes us into the center of Yopton.
     “There’s a lot of traffic today,” she says. “Ooh, I know! Let’s get ice cream!”
     “Great idea!” I nod in agreement with her. As we approach the crosswalk, I press the button on a nearby pole and wait for the opposing light on the opposite side of the street to change to green. We stand there, rather silently.
     After what feels like an eternity, it finally switches and Bella and I cross the street. Greeting us on the other side is Kian’s Market; it’s a small grocery store, but also has ice cream inside.
     “C’mon,” I say to her. “Let’s go in. I’m freezing.” As I push the door open, a bell jingles from above. There are a few people in the store, though not many. Kian himself isn’t here at the moment, though the employees who are give us a smile. Bella and I each sit at a stool at the counter, and it’s at this moment that I feel my phone vibrate in my pocket.
     It’s a text from Luke asking how the date’s going, to which I tell him that I’ll update him later. A server from behind the counter takes our orders; I, being the simple one, order a bowl of vanilla ice cream, while she orders chocolate.
     “Y’know, Toby” she says once our ice cream is brought out, “I really enjoy spending time with you.”
     “Same here, partner.” Did I really just say ‘partner’?
     As we eat our ice cream, we talk about various topics that we’re all-too-familiar with. After all, we know each other, and we know each other well. Once we finish, I grab her hand and help her off of her chair.
     “What a gentleman, Toby!” Yes! I did something right!
     We step back into the wilderness that is Yopton center and continue walking.
     “I still kind of wish we were still at that trip in New York”, I say. “That place was beautiful.”
     “It was fine, I guess,” she responds. “I don’t know, I’m just not really a wilderness person.” The trip, which has happened a month prior, found us in upstate New York for a few days. There was a lot of hiking involved, but I’d say it was honestly worth it for the views. “Next year, though, we have the trip to Washington D.C.”
     “My brother went on that trip a couple of years ago,” I say to her. “He said that it was really fun.”
     “Yeah. My sister did as well.”
     We cross the street a couple of more times and end up in a small park. We’re the only ones here.
     A pond is in the middle of this park, and Bella sits by it.
     “What type of stuff do you think is living in there?”
     “Probably bacteria,” I say. “Amoeba.”
     “I’ve actually never been swimming in a pond before,” she says. “I wonder what it’s like.”
     “Well, we aren’t really allowed to swim in this one, but I know that there’s one nearby-”
     She grasps my shirt collar.
     “I don’t want to play by the rules, Toby. I want to go swimming here. With you.”
     “Bella, what the hell?” I take her hands off of my shirt. “We can’t swim here. They’ll kick us out.”
     “Kick us out of where, Toby? Of the pond? We aren’t even supposed to be swimming in here anyway, so what harm would that do? Of the park? Nobody’s monitoring this place anyway.”
     “Okay, here’s the thing, Bella. I don’t really feel like being yelled at by some random guy. But, your choice.” Usually, I would probably give into Bella’s suggestions. But not today.
     “How do you even know that we aren’t allowed to swim here?”
     “Well, there is one person I knew personally that’s been in this pond. Peter Brolde. Yep, that was a few years ago. Since he was only in fourth-grade, the cops were at least somewhat light on him. But imagine what would happen if someone our age went in.”
     “What are you doing over there, Toby?” I turn around, and, to my surprise, Bella is in the center of the pond.
     “Bella!” I loudly whisper to her. “Get out before someone sees you!”
     “C’mon, Toby! Nobody’s here!”
     “Fine, I’ll jump in. Then I’m getting out.”
     “Suit yourself.”
     I back up, take a running start, and leap into the pond.
     SPLOOSH.
     “Hey!” I hear a raspy voice say nearby. “What are you doing?” A man is standing next to the pond.
     “Hold on. I got this, Toby.” She turns to face the man. I expect her to give some excuse, but instead she apologizes sincerely. “Look, sir. We’re really sorry about this. We wanted to try it since neither of us had done it before, and I’ll admit that I led him on. It will not happen again, I promise.” The man’s eyes widen for a second, then he speaks.
     “Fine. But get outta here.”
     “Yes, sir.”
     As we leave the pond, I face Bella once again.
     “Bella, that was… pretty brave, though I gotta admit that you’re kind of a dumbass for thinking you wouldn’t get caught in the first place. Are you going to be able to get home like that?”
     “Heh, I’ll be fine.” She picks up her earmuffs, scarf, and my coat, the latter of which she hands to me. “I’ll see you later, Toby. Today has been fun.”
     “See you soon,” I wave at her as she walks away. She’s beautiful.

[POV: JEFF]

     “Alright, kids, I’m going out to dinner with some friends. Xavier, you’ll text me if anything goes wrong, right?”
     “Yes, Dad”. He seems annoyed at me, so I don’t dawdle for too long.
     I walk outside, looking up at the stars above me as I stroll over to my car. It seems like just yesterday when the sun could stay out until 9:30.
     She’s been gone for three years.
     Ever since Lily left, things haven’t been so smooth. We never officially got a divorce. Honestly, I’m surprised that the court hasn't done that much about this whole situation.
     It’s all his fault.
     That wretched man took her away from me.
     “Breathe, Jeff,” I tell myself as I turn the key in the ignition. “Think about this when you get home.”
     The car starts and I back out of the driveway. There’s a blanket of snow on the ground around me, but the road itself has been plowed.
     I drive the short distance to Yopton center, where I turn into the parking lot of Adam’s Tavern. I see that Ryan Plaus’s car is already parked.
     I open the door and step inside the establishment, when Ryan waves me down from a nearby booth.
     “Hey, Jeff. How are you tonight?”
     “I’m doing well. Say, tell Toby that he did amazing last night. How does he even come up with that stuff?”
     “Heh, I guess I raised him to be creative.” As Ryan and I talk more about the topic, we almost miss John Eris entering the restaurant.
     “John,” Ryan turns toward him after a few pivots. “Where did your daughter learn to sing like that?”
     “Guess she’s a natural. She does chorus, so that could be part of it.” John sits down and begins to browse the menu.
     “Is Stan coming tonight?”
     “I think he’s doing something with Dean. I know that Arthur will be here, though.”
     At that moment, Arthur Donahue enters.
     “John!” He runs over to John. “There’s something I need to tell you.”
     John looks surprised for a moment, and then speaks.
     “What is it?”
     “Well, I…” he lowers his voice. “I probably shouldn’t be telling you this, but… don’t tell Mia, okay?”
     “Arthur, we’ve been friends for so long. You know I won’t. Unless, of course, it’s something severe.”
     “Actually, it’s far from it. Luke told me that Toby cried because Mia sang so well.” Arthur then turns to Ryan. “Don’t tell him I said that.”
     “Of course. But, I’ve gotta say, Toby and Mia seem to be getting along. I’m happy that they’ve become such great friends.”
     “Yeah. Toby seems like a nice kid,” says John.
     At this point, I flag down the waiter and each of us order our food.
     “I’m impressed by how quickly Peter was able to pick up the drums,” John says to us after the waiter leaves. “Obviously, he’s only really playing one song at the moment, but still.”
     “I hear him practice most days,” I tell him. “I think he really wants to learn.”
     “Luke’s trying to play around with the software, so there’s that,” says Arthur. “But really, those four seem really musically talented.”
     “Toby says that they want to get their song played at the school dance. I have to give it to him, he seems really determined.”
     “I wonder why?” I inquire. At that moment, I notice two teenagers entering the tavern; one boy, one girl.
     “Wait…” Ryan adjusts his glasses. “I think that’s Toby’s ex-girlfriend.”
     “Oh, really? Wait…” Arthur squints his eyes a little. “That’s Ed. Ryan, does Toby know about this? I mean, I know they’re broken up and all, but isn’t it a bit much to go out with your friend’s ex?”
     “Gentlemen,” John clears his throat. “You know we’re better than this. They get to make their own choices; leave them alone.” Right at this moment, our food is brought out to us.
     “So, Jeff…” Arthur becomes quiet. “How are you feeling? Y’know, about all that…”
     “I still haven’t told Peter about what happened.”
     Suddenly, he hits his fist down on the wooden table, hard enough to show frustration but not hard enough to cause a scene.
     “Why the hell haven’t you told your kid yet, Brolde?”
     “I’m just worried…” My sentence drifts off.
     “Listen, Jeff. We’ve been with you through all of this, and, yes, it’s likely hard to think about. But you’ll have to tell him eventually. What if he gets a false impression?”
     “What do you mean?” I look into his eyes.
     “What if he thinks that she was in the right? Or even worse, what if he thinks that she’s dead?”
     “Honestly,” I breathe in, “she could be. I really don’t know.”
     “Wait,” Arthur backs away from across the table. “You don’t know if she’s even alive at this point?”
     “I have no idea. It’s his problem, now.”
     “Jeff, I get that this man indirectly broke your family, but you’ll have to eventually move on. Do you even know what he looks like?”
     “No. But I hope I can eventually find out, so I can fucking kick his ass!” I say that last part a bit too enthusiastically, which causes everyone to look over. “Sorry.”
     When this happens, I notice Ed’s face shows about three different emotions at once from across the bar. “Listen, Jeff,” Ryan basically whispers as he wraps his arm around my shoulder. “I know that you’re still hurt from all of this. But think of this as dodging a bullet. Be happy that Lily didn’t try to force the boys away from you, or try to get the house. You know that we’re here to support you, Jeff. Always.”
     “Thanks, Ryan,” I say as I cut my steak. “It means a lot to me.”

[POV: ED]

     “I wonder what those guys were talking about,” Bella says to me as we leave the restaurant.”
     “Bella, that was Mr. Brolde. He was with Toby’s dad, Luke’s dad, and some other guy.”
     “Do you think anyone in there thought that we were on a date?”
     “What?” I retort, suddenly taking in what she had just said.
     “I mean, I know that we weren’t, but do you think that anyone in there thought we were?”
     “Probably. I hope nobody laughed.”
     “Ed, I was literally just asking if anyone thought we were on a date. Why would people want to laugh at us?”
     “I don’t know. I guess I’m just a bit worried about… well, everything, I guess.”
     “Well, Ed, at least you’ll have the next two weeks to think about it. And to study. Damn exams.”
     “Yeah,” I chuckle. “Actually, about that, Toby-” I stop for a second, but to my surprise, she looks unphased.
     “Why did you stop? Go on.”
     “Well, Toby’s been trying to prepare since nearly a week ago. I have no idea how he does it. He has all these honors classes, homework, and yet he’s able to study, practice in a literal band, go on all of these adventures, and still have free space in his schedule!” I feel my face heat up.
     “Ed, calm down. He’s probably just good at time management.”
     “You aren’t siding with him, are you?”
     “No, Ed, I’m not ‘siding’ with Toby. I’m just telling you what I think. And you know what else I think? I’m willing to give a friendship with Toby another chance.”
     “Well, I-” Ed, you can’t control this. Nothing big is going to come from it. “Yeah, he’s a cool guy. Do you think you still… have feelings for him?”
     “No, not romantic ones, at least. But, Ed. Everyone deserves a second chance. He was just an excited seventh-grader.”
     “But, Bella. He hates you.”
     “Does he, now? Then why the hell did I get these texts from Hannah?” She pulls out her phone and begins scrolling for a moment, then lets me read the text.
     “Luke just told me that Toby cried when he heard your song. That could mean anything, Bella.”
     “Ed, just let me do this. Look, I get that you don’t want me to act too soon, but I honestly trust this. How is he as a friend?”
     “Okay, yes, he’s admittedly a nice guy. I just…”
     “What is it, Ed?”
     “Listen, I…” Think of something to say. “I don’t know the full details of your breakup, and I just want you to be safe.”
     “Ed, I’ll be fine. I appreciate the thought, but just let me try to talk to him. Please.”
     “I understand, Bella.”
     We stare at each other for a moment, then she speaks again. “Thanks for a fun night out, I’ve gotta go.” She begins walking away, and I begin to think about the type of friend I’ve been.
     I really am an asshole.

[POV: TOBY]

     “Plaus,” Luke grabs my shirt after practice, “I thought you said you don’t have a crush on Mia anymore.”
     “I don’t, Luke. I just thought that her voice was amazing. Can you let me go?” Instead, he grabs tighter.
     “Toby, I saw you flirting with her the whole time. There’s something you need to know.”
     “W-what?” My palms begin to sweat.
     “Actually, you know what?” He releases his grip on me. “You’ll see after break. I’m sure it can’t be that hard to notice.”
     “Luke, what the hell is it?”
     “See for yourself at the end of break.” He begins to walk up the stairs, but not before I get another word in.
     “Luke, what is it? Break is two weeks long!” I really don’t want to wait for whatever he has to tell me.
     “It’s not my business to tell you.” With that, he grabs the railing and begins to run up.
     “Damn it,” I say under my breath. “Not my business to tell you,” I say, in a mocking tone. What the hell!
     Later that day, I stare outside my window as the snowy flakes cover the outside world. What could it have been?
     Suddenly, Luke calls me. I answer him eagerly.
     “Look, dude,” he says. “I’ll just tell you now. I… I’m beginning to suspect that Mia’s lesbian.”
     What?
     “Oh…” I trail off.
     “Look, Toby, I don’t know for sure. But if she is, you have to learn to accept it.
     “Ah… Luke, what evidence do you have?”
     “For one, a few of her close friends are. Well, at least one.”
     “Alright, fair,” I make a hand gesture but then realize that Luke can’t see it through the phone. “What else?”
     “Well, uh…”
     “Luke, you don’t have any actual evidence, do you?”
     “Look, Toby.” He goes quiet for a few seconds. “This isn't a good idea. You’re trying to find love too quick; like a virus finding a host. Except, you aren’t a virus, Toby. You’re an actual person, and you have your own life to live. Stop obsessing over girls for a few minutes, thanks.” He hangs up. “Y’know,” I say to myself. “He could’ve just outright said that instead of making up a lie about her sexuality. But, hey. That means I could still have a chance.”
     I think about studying, but decide to put it off. I’ll start in January.
     I begin to hear footsteps near my room, and then a knock.
     “Come in.”
     Dad enters and straightens his glasses.
     “Toby, we’re going out to a nice dinner in New Cangopode tonight with the Donahues. Get dressed soon; we’re leaving in an hour.”
     I walk over to my closet to find a nice shirt, and then open my dresser and pull out some formal pants and a belt. Outside my room, I can hear Carter arguing with my parents about how he can’t find appropriate clothes.
     “Mom, I literally just checked my drawer!” Then, a second later, I hear him speak again.
     “How did you find them? I thought I searched everywhere!”
     “Look harder next time, buddy,” she tells him.
     On any other day I’d be excited to see Luke. But, today? After what just happened?
     “You look nice, Toby,” my mother says to me when I exit into the hall. “Seems like you were able to find your clothes, unlike someone.”
     “Please, drop it,” Carter tells her.
     Although we only leave at around 5:00, the sun has set long ago. I stare out the car window at all the snowy trees, while the radio plays in the background.
     “Christmas deal!” it says. “Buy one TV and get 25% off on applicable products!” I don’t know whether this is a good deal or not, but none of my family seems to be paying attention to it.
     As we pass through the different towns on our way to the city, I see different houses with different decorations; a lot have Christmas lights hung up.
     Eventually, the neighborhoods grow more and more urban, with taller buildings appearing as we drive further.
     At some point, there are only buildings. That’s when I realize that we’ve entered the big city.
     People come and go on the sidewalks nearby.
     “Now, Toby,” Dad says to me from the front, “we went here years ago. You might not remember it, but I think Carter does.”
     “Well, you see, Dad, I didn’t get to taste the expensive stuff. I immediately went for chicken nuggets. Why would you bring a child no older than 10 years old to this place?”
     “Quiet, Carter. This time will be better.”
     New Cangopode is somewhat difficult for us to navigate through, but it’s possible. Although, there’ll be a crosswalk that we have to wait for every so often.
     After what feels like an eternity of driving around this maze of a city, we finally turn right into the parking garage.
     “Okay, kids,” Dad says as the door slams shut with an echo, “remember. Best behavior.”
     “Of course.”
     I essentially skip over to the elevator and wait for my family.
     “Hurry it up.”
     “We’re trying.”
     Once they finally make it over, we all step inside, and Carter presses the topmost button.
     The elevator is somewhat cramped, but I have enough room to pivot.
     As the door opens at the top, all I can hear are voices. Voices talking, voices singing, voices laughing, and, occasionally, voices screaming and/or crying. Yikes.
     Luke’s sitting on a bench nearby; I notice that he’s combed his hair.
     “Look at you, being so classy.”
     “Yep. Listen, Toby…” He looks around and watches as the rest of his family is talking with mine. Carter, being the only one of his age here, awkwardly smiles and occasionally laughs at the conversation.
     “Toby, about earlier, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have lied about that. However-”
     “Luke, Toby. We’re going.” We follow the rest of the party over to a table near the window. Plenty of other families are sitting around us.
     “Toby,” he says to me as we slightly lag behind, “you need to learn to take a break. It’s been over a year, and you still aren’t over Bella.”
     “But Bella hates me.”
     “No, Toby. She doesn’t.”
     “What?” I look up to face him. “What do you mean?”
     “It was all a stupid lie that Ed made up. Look, he’s sorry. His mind obviously wasn’t in the right place. Toby, calm down. You’re tense.”
     I release all of my muscles at once.
     We sit down next to each other with our backs to the window, and receive our menus.
     “Toby,” Dad says to me from across the table, “get the Filet mignon. It’s amazing here.”
     “Alright, I’ll give it a shot.”
     “Ryan, you know that costs $50, right?” Luke’s father looks over to mine.
     “Oh, I know.”
     “Can I get it too?” Luke asks his dad.
     “Overpriced. Get another steak.”
     “Must be fun being rich,” Luke whispers to me.
     “Luke,” I whisper to him. “Tell Ed to get ready. The next time I see the bastard, I’m going to kill him. He’s already done enough bad shit.”
     “Calm down, Toby. Take some time to think about it. And, hey, at least Bella doesn’t actually hate you. Although, if you wanna try being friends with her again, maybe go slow.”
     “So, Carter,” Luke’s mom says to him. “I heard that you got accepted to college up in Vermont. That must be exciting.”
     “It sure is,” he smiles, knowing that this is the first-and possibly last time he’s going to have any meaningful interaction with the adults tonight. “I’m majoring in computer science.”
     “Congratulations on being accepted, though.”
     Carter’s been there for me for my whole life. Sure, we’ve always had our fights, and there’s been the times when we weren’t on the best of terms, but he’s always been my brother.
     And I’m going to miss him when he goes to college.
     “Vermont also isn’t incredibly far away,” says Mom, “So he’ll be able to visit.”
     “Hey, Toby,” Luke quickly says to me. “Wanna go look outside the window? I’m pretty sure that the best views are over there,” he points his finger to the other side of the restaurant.
     “Wait until you order, boys,” Luke’s mom says.
     We get more and more annoyed the longer we wait, but our server finally comes around. I order my Filet mignon and Luke chooses some other steak.
     “Alright, now you can go look outside.”
     We walk across the restaurant to the other side.
     “Isn’t it beautiful, Toby? Look outside.” I view the city that’s taken a few centuries to be built up. As far as I can see, buildings and lights. In a way, it’s actually quite amazing.
     “Look, you can even see the water,” I point at a harbor in the distance, and then decide to go up against the window and look almost completely straight down. The streets down below are still bustling, even if this cold weather.
     “Toby, we need to talk. About Ed.”
     “Ah, yes. Ed.” I clench my fist.
     “Toby, listen to me. I know Ed did some fucked up stuff, but… okay, yes, I am kind of on your side here. You have to understand that he’s not fully thinking it through, though.”
     “Luke,” I turn to face him, “I’m fucking sick of these excuses. Why the hell is he acting like this? He used to act so nervous and quiet, and was actually a nice guy, and now-”
     “Toby, he’s not thinking clearly. He’s trying to get attention.”
     “Well, how long is he going to try for, Luke? I could’ve been talking to Bella again months ago, Luke.”
     “To be fair, you being friends with him was kind of the reason she thought about giving you another go.”
     “Luke, Ed knows about the history that Bella and I had. And he decided to just throw that all out the window? Just so he could fuck her? Is that it? I wouldn’t even be surprised if he just wants her for that one reason, honestly…”
     “Toby, you need to be mature about this. Don’t stoop down to his level.”
     I sense a presence on my left side.
     “Nice view they’ve got here,” Carter says to me.
     “Y-yeah, it looks really pretty right now.”
     “Mom wanted me to come over to tell you that the food is here.”
     “Already? How?”
     “You guys must’ve been here for a lot longer than you thought you were, I guess.”
     Once we walk back over to the table, my plate is still empty.
     “Oh, only the appetizers are here. Oh well.”
     The rest of dinner goes smoothly. But, throughout the whole time, I keep thinking about Ed.
      That asshole! How could he do that to me?
      “Best steak you’ve ever had, wasn’t it?” Dad awaits my response as we eventually leave the restaurant.
     “Yes, actually.” It was arguably pretty tasty.
     When I get home, I suddenly feel exhausted. I quickly shower, change, brush my teeth, and then literally leap into my bed.
     I’m greeted with a strong warmth as I awaken, back on the hill. As I look up in front of me, the sun is still in the same position; it’s in the middle of setting, still high enough so that the sky is filled with an orange color.
     “Here, Toby,” Caleb exits the house and closes the door behind him. He’s wearing his own hat, and tosses mine over.
     After I put it on, the light and warmth feel more bearable.
     “So, Toby. Bella doesn’t hate you.” He sits down next to me.
     “Yes, but Ed probably does.”
     “Listen to Luke. Ed’s just misguided.”
     “I guess so… Caleb, can I ask you a question?”
     “Sure thing, T.”
     “What did… what did dying feel like?”
     “Well, Toby, as I’m sure you can see, I’m not in any specific afterlife. Although, to be fair, I am agnostic.” He stops for a moment to pick at the grass, and then continues. “Everything just kind of went dark, I guess. But it wasn’t scary. It actually felt a bit peaceful. Toby, that cancer was the worst thing to happen to me, so when I eventually flatlined it just felt… nice, I guess.” He straightens his hat and stands back up. “Toby, I know something that might make you feel better. Look all around you.” As I do a full circle, I can see various other hills in the distance; some are higher than others. “Roll down this one with me, Toby.” He gets on his side and begins to pick up speed as he rolls down the hill. I follow him, and we both lay on the grass.
     A few moments later, I feel the light of the sun begin to become ever so brighter

[POV: LUKE]

     “Hear me out, Toby,” I say to him. It’s Monday, two days before Christmas, and we’re in the center of town near the pond. “If I remember correctly, you told Mia that you did not actually have a crush on her about… one month ago, am I correct?”
     “Yes, Luke,” he seems to spring up. “But-”
     “Be lucky that she just happened to be a good fit for you, Toby, or that could’ve initially ended pretty badly. You see, Toby. You’re a hormonal teenager. Or, I could even say, a…” I look to both sides to make sure nobody can hear me, and I whisper into Toby’s ear in a mocking tone, “horny teenager.”
     “Wow, Luke,” he rolls his eyes. “So funny.”
     “Toby, just because you find a girl attractive doesn’t mean that you necessarily have a crush on her, much less that she’s the one.”
     “Luke-”
     “Toby, no offense, but I’m more experienced- at least, I hope so. You have to be honest with yourself. Do you really like her?”
     “I mean…” he looks down at the ground in front of him. “At first, I thought she was pretty quiet. But now I realize that she has another side to her…” He drifts off, but snaps back to attention a moment later. “Luke, she’s out of my league.”
     “Toby, what the hell are you talking about?” As far as I’m aware, Mia isn’t even popular. Even if she was, popularity doesn’t really matter either; at least, not to someone like her.”
     “Luke, she’s actually dated a guy. Dated a guy, Luke. And not like Bella and I, either. They went out…” I notice his speaking pattern become gradually slower, “And they probably kissed. Well, I’m assuming so.” Suddenly, he looks up at me. “Luke, what if they had sex? The age of consent here is 16! I could be talking to a bad person!”
     “Toby, snap out of it!” Although I do slightly understand where he’s coming from, it’s all just some bullshit. “I highly doubt that they had sex. And, if they did, so what? It’s her body; her past. Not yours. Toby, she didn’t even know you until a few months ago. Stop acting like she cheated on you.”
     “That’s a fair point,” he responds, kicking some snow in front of him. “But, I don’t know, Luke. She’s just seemed sort of suspicious recently.”
     “Just because she’s lived life on the edge-which, by the way, you don’t even know if she has-that’s not a horrible thing, Toby. Teenagers are rebellious.”
     “Yeah, but-”
     “No, Toby. It’s her life, alright? I know, I know. We aren’t all innocent anymore; but it’s been like that for awhile. If I’m being completely honest,” I once again look to both sides, then whisper, “Hannah and I might’ve…”
     After I tell him what we did, I give him a moment to process it. Then, he smiles.
     “You motherfucker. You lost your virginity; I’m proud of you, dude.”
     “Yes, Toby, but that’s my point. What’s so much different about me losing my virginity versus Mia? Technically, virginity is only a concept, but I won’t get into that right now.”
     “Luke, I’m scared. I don’t want to become like one of them.”
     “Toby, not everyone’s like Chad Jafen. Relax; just because some people are a bit more daring than others doesn’t mean anything in the long run. As long as you don’t fall into that lifestyle, you’re good. And I swear to God, if you do, I’ll-”
     “Okay, I get it. So,” he changes the subject, “what are you planning on getting for Christmas?”
     “A new laptop. Something easily accessible and also easy to write on.”
     “Just be like Dean and build one.”
     “Toby, you’re thinking of a desktop. You can’t just build a laptop.”
     “I hope I’m going to get some new games,” he changes the subject once again, glossing over his own ignorance. “This year’s had a lot of good releases.”
     “Nah, man. Are you kidding me? All of the games were trash. Except for the Optat game.”
     “The what, now?”
     “They made an Optat’s Adventure video game. Surprisingly fun.”
     “That’s shocking,” he says, “from someone who’s been watching the show “ironically” for the past three months.”
      “Okay, really, though, Toby. About Mia.”
     “Yes, go on.”
     “Don’t be like how Ed was with Bella.” I see him clench his fist for a moment when I mention this, but then he slowly releases it. “Don’t gatekeep this girl, Toby.”
     “What does that mean?”
     “It means that you shouldn’t act like you own her or that you’re entitled to being in a relationship with her.”
     “That’s fair. Luke, I just… I don’t know.”
     “Go on, man.”
     “I feel like, in a way, I don’t deserve this friendship with her. She shouldn’t have agreed to be my friend, Luke. I hadn't even talked to her a single time before throwing that note down on her lunch table.”
     “Well, Toby, I’ll be honest with you. At first I was a bit skeptical as well. However, I think that you two make a great pair. She cares about you, Toby. But, please, really think about if you actually have a crush on her. I know how you are.”

[POV: TOBY]

     Eventually, we both go our separate ways. As I’m walking over to my mom’s car, I stare into the pond.
     This was where Bella jumped. The memory is still so vivid to me; how she was able to fess up to her actions instead of making an excuse. Sure, there probably wouldn’t have been any valid excuse. Still, though, what counted was her intention.
     The day goes on.
     “Wake up, Toby.” I spring to my feet as I feel the cold, tiled floor below me. A ghostly whisper fills the dark hallway, though I’m not able to identify the source of it.
     It’s empty. Too empty.
     I identify which hallway I’m standing in and investigate a few of the hallways on this floor of the school.
     First, I try to go back into the gym; that was the last room of the school I had been in, after all.
     Upon further inspection, the gym is empty. I can make out the low buzz of the boiler in the background.
     Where do I go?
     I step back out into the cold, dark hallway and sit on a nearby wooden bench. I could go for some water right now.
     I walk a few feet to the nearby bubbler, where I take a paper cut and fill it with water. Feels cold in my hand. As I wolf it down in one sip, I feel the sixth ice age form in my throat. Freezing, just like the good old days.
     As I sit on the bench to rest, I catch something out of the corner of my ear.
     Whiiiiiiiir. Whiiiiiiiir.
     The sound stops, then starts up again.
     By the time I realize what it is, it’s too late.
     He’s found me.
     I look down the hallway to my left, where it floats on the opposite end. I note its purple ring gradually lighting up until it’s at full brightness.
     Then. everything goes dark.
     Not even the moonlight can save me now.
     I stand still, knowing that any noise will alert it of my location. I hear every little thing; crickets outside. The boiler.
     A clank in front of me.
     I close my eyes, hoping that it’ll go away.
     It doesn’t. Upon reopening my eyes, the ring is illuminated right in front of me.
     “☟♏●●□📪 ❄□♌⍓📬”
     I stand my ground, and it still doesn’t move. Then I remember.
     Don’t stare into the eye.
     The next few seconds seem to go by in a flash. By the time they’re over with, the bottom of the eye has taken some serious damage and I’m still standing. In addition to this, the moonlight comes back.
     I just kicked the nightmare.
     I go forward to examine it further. I tap my fist against its outer red structure, and, as expected, it feeds back a metallic clank.
     I circle it a few times, and notice slits cut out into the sides, back, and presumably the bottom of it.
     What could those be for?
     “You know he’ll be back, right?” I turn around to see Caleb standing behind me.
     “I had a feeling.”
     “Well, at least you’ve knocked him out. C’mon, I have something to show you.” I follow Caleb down the hallway and pass by the old classrooms. Eventually, he turns into a stairwell.
     “We’ll need to do some climbing this time, Toby.”
     “You mean…”
     “Yep. Top floor.”
     I follow him up both flights of stairs, and we exit onto the third floor.
     This is where the big kids were.
     Caleb guides me down the hall, and eventually stops in front of a classroom. I turn to face the door.
     Our fourth-grade classroom.
     “C’mon in, Toby,” he says, and the door opens seamlessly.
     “Hey, Toby!” Caleb’s already at his old desk, rummaging around for any papers or memories. “Look what I found.” He brings a drawing over to me and I look at it.
     “To my best friend in the whole wide world, Peter Brolde.” Next to the words, there’s a heart. That’s an odd way of describing your friendship.
     “I, uh, forgot to give him this one. But there were others.”
     “Oh, so those were what you guys were passing around in class.”
     “What?” He turns red. “You could see that?”
     “Yep. Me and Luke actually discussed it a lot with each other. We were so very curious.”
     “Haha, yeah,” he says and rubs the back of his neck. “You should check your desk.”
     “Good idea.” The desks in this room are set in a U-shape, so I walk over to the other side and open mine. Inside, there are a lot of papers.
     “Look, Caleb. My spelling tests!” When he hears this, he runs over to me.
     “You were the best in the whole class, right?”
     “Only two ninety-sevens the whole year. I almost always got a perfect score on these.”
     “Nerd.”
     I scavenge through Luke’s desk, which is next to mine. Nothing much of importance, except for the fact that he has Hannah’s valentine taped to the ceiling of his desk.
     “Mia was in our class, Toby.”
     “What the hell? She was also apparently in my first-grade class, which I don’t remember at all.”
     “Makes sense, considering that you never talked to her at that point.”
     “But it appeared like we were friends in first-grade.”
     “Lots of friendships happen at those times, Toby. Up until middle school, basically everyone was friends with each other. Let’s be honest here.”
     “True.”
      I walk over to the window of the classroom and stare down. As I scan the ground outside, I can spot the playground.
     “These years were amazing, Caleb. I’d give a lot to go back.”
     “Well, Toby. Think about all of the good things that have happened since then. Also, speaking of going back…”
     My alarm begins to sound. I forgot to disable it during vacation!

[POV: DEAN]

     “I wish it was warmer out,” I say to Luke. “Then we’d be able to ride our bikes.”
     “Yeah, well, let’s enjoy the time that we have in the snow. After all, tomorrow is already Christmas.”
     We talk more as we walk over to the pharmacy in the center of town.
     “I want to get some snacks,” I say to him. “What about you?”
     “Oh, I’m… I’m getting… something.” He slows down his pace as if to think deeply, then catches back up after a few seconds.
     “Well, what?”
     “Er, nothing.”
     “Alright, then,” I drop the subject. Luke presses a button on a pole, and we wait for the signal to cross the road.
     “So, I’ve heard that Toby’s been sort of having a breakdown,” I say. “Is he alright?”
     “Yeah, I think everything’s getting to him all at once. He’s finally realizing that childhood ain’t going to last much longer.”
     “Wasn’t there also something about Mia?”
     “Let’s just say that that’s nothing to worry about and that his doubts are just getting to him. He’ll be fine.”
     The sign on the opposite side of the street lights up and we cross over.
     “Yeah, he’s worried about it. I think he’s convinced himself that Mia’s out of his league.”
     “What? She literally goes over his house every week. I think that if she didn’t want to be friends with him, it would’ve sort of become obvious at this point.”
     “Exactly,” he points at me. “That’s what I kept trying to tell him. He’s paranoid.”
     We walk over to the door of the pharmacy and step inside. I walk over to the snack aisle and spend a minute deciding what to get, and then end up grabbing a bag of chips. After this, I grab an iced tea from the refrigerator.
     As I walk over to the counter, I stop part way and watch as Luke says something quietly to the cashier.
     “...condoms...”
     The man behind the counter nods, and points Luke over to the other side of the store.
     “Thank you.”
     I run over to Luke as he walks over to the corresponding aisle.
     “Dude, what the hell was that?”
     “What was what?”
     “You’re actually getting it on? Like, tonight?”
     “Let’s just say I’m going to give Hannah a bit of a… Christmas miracle.” He grins.
     “Why, dude. Alright, whatever. Just get your rubbers and let’s get out of here.”
     “Sooooo…” I say to him after we leave the store. “You’re actually going to do it.”
     He then excitedly describes (in detail) what he’s going to do to Hannah tonight.
     “Hey, buddy, you’re looking a bit pale,” he says after he’s done with the explanation.
     “You know what, Luke? Go to hell.”
     “You’re just jealous.”
     “No, I’m not. Just because your ego has grown twice its size in the past week doesn’t mean that everyone wants to have sex with your girlfriend.”
     “Low blow,” he says under his breath. “Want to see if Ed wants to join us? He lives basically in the center of town.”
     “Sure, I guess.” We go along the sidewalk and turn onto a few streets until we eventually reach Ed’s house.
     I’ve never taken much time to examine the house; after all, I’ve only seen it a couple of times. It’s big; it looks like it has two floors, and the first floor looks pretty large.
     The yard is big as well, with the distance between the curb and the front of the house being surprisingly long.
     “Alright, come with me.” I follow Luke up the path of the house, which appears to have been shoveled recently. Eventually, we reach the door.
     Luke goes to ring the bell, but the door opens before he gets the chance. Ed’s standing there, coat and all.
     “I saw you guys from my room. I’m assuming you want me to come with you?”
     “Yes.”
     “Alright. Let’s go.”

[POV: ED]

     As we walk away from my house, Luke gradually moves away from Dean and comes closer to me.
     “Hey, don’t get mad at me, but… I told Toby about what you said. About Bella.”
     I close my eyes and sigh.
     “I was going to do it myself, but I understand. I shouldn’t have even hidden that from him in the first place.”
     “Listen, dude, I get that you’re worried that he’s going to take her back. He doesn’t have a crush on her, though. He likes Mia again; at least, I think he does. It’s complicated.”
     “In what way?”
     “She likes being his friend; that’s no secret. But, I think he’s a bit suspicious about it; he’s told me that he wants to try and impress her. He’s going through something.”
     “But why would he only start to think that now?”
     “I think it’s because of the talent show, Ed. He’s nervous because her singing was really good.”
     “But they’ve been friends for like three months. Why does he feel like he has to be nervous now?”
     “Oh, and also,” he leans in closer. “He thinks that her ex went down on her.”
     “What are you guys talking about?” Dean asks from nearby.
     “Toby. Again.”
     “Listen, Ed,” he says to me, “you know what I’m getting at, right? About the Bella thing? If she’s willing to give friendship with Toby another try, well, then you can’t really stop her.”
     “I know, Luke. I feel like I’ve changed for the worse.”
     “In what way?” he wonders, even though I know that he knows the answer.
     “Isn’t it obvious, Luke? I’ve become a complete and total asshole. Jesus Christ, I ruined Toby’s chance at friendship with Bella again. All because I’m so worried about my own life and everything going right for me. I’m an idiot.” I can feel my face warm up and begin to breathe heavier.
     “Calm down, Ed. Listen, just try to make amends with Toby. Be kind, I guess. Give it a shot.” We continue walking and chatting about this.

[POV: TOBY]

     As soon as I feel the warmth, I know exactly where I am.
     “Toby,” Caleb calls over as I sit up. “You look stressed out. Here- take the hat.” He tosses my sunhat over to me, and it twirls a bit in midair. Just like Bella twirled when I danced with her.
     I reach out for the hat and catch it in midair.
     “Thanks.”
     “So…” Caleb walks over to me. “Christmas is tomorrow. You excited?”
     “Yes. The warm feeling of the holidays is the only thing that can cheer me up now,” I chuckle.
     “It’s about her, isn’t it, Toby? It’s about Mia.”
     “Caleb, she’s out of my league.”
     “Toby, she literally plays in a band every weekend with you- which, by the way, how did your parents even allow that?”
     “Caleb, she’s too sweet for me. She’s so beautiful.”
     “Sounds like someone’s in love, eh?” Caleb turns toward me and points a couple of finger guns. I put my hands on my face.
     “Caleb, we’re not having a practice this weekend because of the break. I’m not going to be able to see her for some time.”
     “Look at you, Mr. Band Director,” Caleb says, quickly.
     “What if she forgets I exist over vacation?”
     “Toby!” He goes to slap my face but then realizes that that would cause me to wake up. “What the hell has gotten into you?”
     “I don’t know what to do, Caleb.” I feel a tear roll down my cheek. “Everyone keeps telling me to be myself, but what if that’s not good enough for her?”
     “Toby, what? She literally hangs out with you all the time.”
     “I’m not just referring to friendship anymore, Caleb.” I look up and see his mouth go back to its neutral position.
     “Ah, I see. So you like her.”
     I nod.
     “Well, Toby, once again, just be yourself. Listen.” He helps me stand up and then faces me away from the eternal sunset. In front of me, there seems to be an endless supply of hills below the orange sky. “It’s time to give you a pep talk.”
     He approaches me and pokes me in the chest. “This is what you speak with, Toby. Your heart. Your true emotions. Your true feelings.” He begins to walk forward, so I walk backward as to not collide with him. “You know the phrase, Toby. ‘Nice guys finish last.’ Except, here’s the thing.” He grabs me by my collar and basically speaks into my ear. “Mia. Doesn’t. Settle. For. Jerks.” He lets me go, and I fall to the ground. “Get ahold of yourself, dude. She’s a good person, and you know it. And, you are too. Ever heard of the ‘king mentality’? Yeah, you need to embrace that. Now, listen, we need to talk.” He once again helps me up off the ground and digs his hand through his pocket. “This was on the ground, over by the tree.” He takes out a note and puts it in my hand. “Does this seem to have any significance to you?”
     I read what it says. 0139485726.
     “Hmm, I don’t… think so? Wait. Hold on a second.” I think back to find any moment in the past where those numbers would have possibly had any importance. After a moment, I remember.
     “Caleb, I think I know what it is.”
     It’s Dean’s code.

[POV: LUKE]

     “Remember, Luke, call me if you need anything.”
     “I will. Thanks, Mom,” I say as I close her car door. I turn back around and face Hannah’s house.
     I’m gonna get laid tonight.
     I walk over to the door and ring the bell, and after a bit of waiting, Mrs. Powell opens the door for me.
     “Hi, Luke. How are you?”
     “I’m doing good.”
     “Please, come in.”
     I enter and stand awkwardly in the foyer. This place is packed.
     “Hey, Lukey!” I turn around to see Hannah, looking as excited as ever. “Sorry, my brother invited a lot of people over.”
     “I can see that.” Aiden Powell is one of the most popular juniors at our school, so this comes as no surprise to me.
     “Ay, Donahue, what’s poppin’?” Derek Flados, a sophomore, approaches me. “I see you’re with your girl…” He leans over to me. “I bet you just wanna dig right into that…”
     “So you’ve arrived,” Aiden walks over and Derek scampers away. “Well, enjoy yourself, Luke. There are trays of food in the dining room.”
     “Alright,” I thank him, and he leaves us be.
     “How many people does he have over?” I whisper to Hannah.
     “A lot.” She rolls her eyes. “Come on, let’s get something to eat.” We walk over to her dining room and I grab a plate.
     We both take a couple of spoonfuls of pasta from one tray and I grab a roll. After taking all of my food, I reach my hand into my pocket.
     It’s still there.
     “Hey, want to go upstairs?” she asks? She knows, doesn’t she?
     “Hm…” I slowly let out a smile. “Yes.”
     We quickly but quietly walk up her staircase and then go to her room.
     “So, Lukey…” She licks her lips.
     After we eat our food, Hannah and I begin to do things that involve my purchase from the pharmacy.
     Five minutes later, I hear the house go silent. Then a bit of laughter from downstairs.
     I note footsteps become increasingly louder.
     Then a knock on the door.
     “Hannah? I’m coming in.”
     In the brief few seconds that follow, Hannah and I look at each other with horror in our eyes.
     We’re done for.
     The scene plays out. Her mother bursts open the door and sees us both naked on Hannah’s bed.
     “What the hell is going on here? Get your fucking clothes on, both of you!”
     I watch as Hannah begins to tear up.
     “Jesus Christ!” Her mom puts her hands on her hips. “Luke, since it’s Christmas Eve, you’ll have tomorrow. But after that, there will be consequences. Get out of my house, right now!” She points towards Hannah’s door. “Now!”
     “Yes, ma’am.” I lower my head and exit the room. Silence fills the house once more as I walk down the stairs.
     “She gets like that sometimes,” Aiden whispers to me. “You should probably leave, though.”
     “I was… planning on it.” I feel my legs begin to tremble below me, then I quickly bolt towards the front door and burst into tears.
     It’s over. It has to be. There’s no way that her parents would ever let her see me again after that.
     At least she was kind enough to let me celebrate Christmas with my family. But, come Thursday, it’ll be over for good.
     She’s right, though. We’re both underage- Hannah is still fourteen. What if I had gotten her pregnant?
     I call my mom and walk over to the end of the street.

[POV: TOBY]

     “Toby… Wake up…”
     Two things cross my mind the instant I wake up. The first is that I completely forget what Dean’s code was. The second, however…
     It’s Christmas!
     I pick up my phone and check the time. 9:00 AM. This is usually the time that everyone wakes up.
     I leap out of bed and essentially dive for the door as I grab and turn the knob. Once I leave my room, I’m greeted with a blast of cold air. However, that doesn’t matter at all to me; after all, it is Christmas.
     I use the corners of the railing to fling me down the hallway as I majestically and briskly glide toward the staircase. Once there, I hang onto the banister and slide down all the way to the bottom. If it were any normal day I might reconsider this part, but, once again, it is Christmas.

Hey! This chapter is currently unfinished! Stay tuned for more content!

Update 10/9/20: It’s been some time. I need a break. I kind of want to work on other stuff. Maybe I’ll come back. Maybe I won’t. Thank you all so much. It’s been an honor.

2

